---
title: 077 - Dope, dope and dope.
date: 2024-11-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Played mixed at the tournament today. It went awful and it was an amazing experience not only about badminton, but also about life in general (more below).
- Watched some badminton games after losing (I'll probably play singles again, looks fun).
- Ate lunch at home while finishing season 02 of the Lincoln Lawyer (s01 was better, apparently s03 is the best so far so I'm looking forward to that).
- Went for my walk where I made some nice realizations that I'll talk about below.
- Will most likely cook supper and then go see JB.
---
This morning, I played my mixed game and lost first round.

It was very doable, so doable in fact that we were leading the second set 20-18 after winning the first.

After missing a match winning shot, everything went downhill from there.

The third set, I was mentally gone.

To be very honest though, even though we almost won this match, I played nervously the whole game.

We were just more warmed up and our opponents made so many mistakes in those first two sets.

We did a 30 minutes debrief after the game with my mixed partner and one of my coaches.

In this enlightening conversation, I admitted that whenever I played mixed or doubles, I always played to not make mistakes instead of playing to win or playing to play well or playing to have well.

The consequence of this mindset is that I can't play freely, which leads to more mistakes, more frustrations and, ultimately, not a winning style of badminton.

I felt the pressure of having to play extremely well, even perfectly.

At some point in the conversation, I mentioned that every time I make a mistake, I keep dwelling on it and can't seem to move on.

Even though I know moving on is the right thing to do.

That's when my mixed partner brilliantly told me to practice this shift of mindset from negative to positive.

And she even added that a sports psychologist (I think) told her to practice this change of mindset in her day to day life.

As soon as she said that, I knew why I had been bound to fail from the start.

It's because even in my regular life, I have this bad habit of thinking negatively, dwelling on the past, having regrets, concentrating on my mistakes instead of letting them go and moving on.

After this whole debriefing, we just went on with our days, I spent a bit of time at the tournament to watch some singles.

I decided not to play this tournament and every time someone would ask me why, I would answer with "ah, it's because I don't have the energy to play singles after my mixed."

Fast forward to the afternoon.

I went back home, ate, watched LL, showered and was heading out for my walk.

As I was getting ready, I told myself I would think about this change of mindset.

So that's what I did.

And what I discovered as a result of this walk + reflection is game changing.

The first thing I realized was that ever since moving up to A, I've mostly had bad performances.

Yes, this can be explained by the lack of training, but there was another culprit hiding behind the scenes.

That culprit is my attitude / mental approach towards badminton.

I have had a losing attitude ever since moving up to A.

Even in practice !

I don't push myself as much and I don't give it my all...

Because I'm scared.

The exact same reason why I stopped playing singles this year.

I'm scared of running out of energy, I'm scared of giving it my all and still losing, I'm scared of what this means for my badminton level and I'm also scared about what other people might think of me.

This is what we call a fixed mindset.

What I want is a growth mindset.

This, I realized during my walk, also applies very much so to my life in general.

I've been living scared this whole time !

I choose to be scared, I choose to be negative, I choose not to have a fun life.

The good news is that this is a choice that I make every single day, which mean I can change it.

It might not be instant, but I know the more I do it, the easier it'll get.

Until it becomes a habit, automatic.

The third and final realization I made on this walk is in relation to the title of this post "dope, dope, dope".

When I used to ask myself "what would I do if money wasn't an issue" or a question similar to that, my answer would always be something along the lines of "I'd help the world become a better place by helping people live happier lives".

This statement is true, but it's also not the full picture.

Me being scared of what other people think of me extends beyond the badminton court, it also affects my life and this generic answer I give is proof of it.

Me saying that makes me sound like a good person and this feeds straight into my underlying insecurity of not wanting to be a bad person (ultimately it's a rejection thing - "I am not enough").

As a result of this generic statement, I always thought I'd want to go into the typical "self-help" entrepreneurial journey:

Write a book / blog posts / twitter posts, then get customers to buy into coaching, then create events or retreats, then go do some speaking gigs, etc.

I thought this was the way I was supposed to go as it's a very good way of helping people live happier lives by dropping knowledge on their heads.

However, I knew I didn't want this to be my "main thing" and I was forcing it to be my main thing.

I now know exactly what I want to do and how I want to help people.

The 3 dopes.

I want to live a dope life, doing dope things with dope people.

That's all. That's my whole philosophy.

My hope, similar to Jesse Itzler, is that by living a happier, interesting and, ultimately, dope life; I will inspire people to do the same.

And if I end up writing a book, then sure, that's dope !

If I end up on some podcasts, then sure, that's dope too !

But that's not "my thing".

My thing is to live a dope life, doing dope things with dope people.

Now, I just need to figure out how to monetize, but honestly, I think content is the way.

Very LONG post, but a good one.

Thanks for reading.

Oh I forgot, it might actually be 4 dopes.

I want to have a dope attitude throughout it all !



