---
title: 004 - Pure joy is being your authentic self all the time
date: 2024-08-15
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts
---

**Day:**
- I fell asleep at work today. I literally have no energy for work, it's super draining.
- I did have 2 good meetings about the company. One thing I realized is that I love making the company better, I have a vision on what can improve how the company works as a whole and it's something that fires me up.
- Went for a wonderful walk in the sun.
- Awesome awesome last call with Danny Miranda, the energy I felt and emitted was off the chart. Definitely worth it as it allowed me to set the standard on how I want to show up in the world.
- I set the date for my workshop to be September 7th.
- Good Badminton Practice (The key to unlocking the overhead is the initial rotation / pivot. If you concentrate on pivoting quickly, you'll be more comfortable playing the overhead)
- Picked up JB at her practice (Great discussion in the car which validated that she's an excellent partner and willing to support me in my shenanigans)
___  

The energy I felt getting off my last call with Danny was exceptional. It really set the bar for how I live my days.

It's crazy to think that every day, I am allowing myself to feel less than 25% of how I felt during the call.

It'll be part of my mission to make people feel this type of energy because once you feel it, it's impossible to go back to the way you were. You become aware that life can be filled with joy, laughs, smiles, abundance, expansion, curiosity and awesomeness.

This starts with living a more authentic life. Whenever we choose something that is not aligned with ourselves, we diminish who we truly are.

Whether it be scrolling on our phones instead of sleeping, working a job we don't like, being mean when we don't want to or even saying "yes" when we wanted to say "no".

Every time we do this, we are teaching ourselves, our body, our mind that it's okay not to be ourselves. It's okay if we feel shitty. If we do this long enough, we eventually think that being shitty is just the default mode of life.

It's like being in prison without physically being there.

But it doesn't have to be.

This starts by recognizing our authentic self in every situation and **taking the right action**.

Imagine a world where you are 100% aligned with yourself, every day, you wake up and every action you take is aligned with yourself. Holy shit, wouldn't that feel good.

You don't have to be fake anymore, you don't have to push down your feelings or put up a front, you don't have to do anything you don't really want to do.

Pure joy.
