---
title: 074 - Every day feels the same.
date: 2024-10-30
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Ok day at work. I worked a bit on internal stuff.
- Picked up JB and dropped her off to work.
- Returned a package !
- Took a walk. It was a very warm day today for October.
- Went to the grocery store to buy ingredients to make a soup.
- Made a minestrone soup (https://pipingpotcurry.com/minestrone-soup-instantpot/).
- Did a power yoga session (it worked out my left glute a lot, which is great).
- Picked up JB from work.
- Talked and spent a bit of time with her (wish I was more present and awake though).
---
I want to keep this as brief as possible to spend more time with JB.

It is an important subject as it's been in the back of my mind for the past few days.

It is only now that I had someone to talk about with (JB) that I was able to put my finger on it.

My life has been lacking excitement and variety.

Every day feels like the same exact day relived over and over again with slight variations.

My days are not bad, I'm not being ungrateful.

My job is good, badminton training is good, I'm eating good food every day, doing yoga feels good, etc.

Everything ranges from ok to good, but nothing really feels GREAT.

I don't want to have a great day every day; however, I haven't had anything great in a while.

It feels a bit like I lost my zest for life and it's been replaced by this mundane, day-to-day type of feeling.

Nothing is bad, but nothing is great either.

I know what the solution is.

Get out of my comfort zone, do something different.

I am choosing to live life exactly the same way every day.

It's a balance between building habits and doing something different I guess.
