---
title: 100 - This heartbreak motivated me it seems.
date: 2024-11-25
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up and scrolled 30 minutes in bed.
- Took a few relaxed calls that I honestly couldn't care for.
- Had a hilarious chat with the NA team though (I'm very interested in visiting Utah now).
- Ate lunch while starting Rhythm + Flow season 2 (some of these stories got me emotional).
- Went for a small walk.
- Worked for a solid hour and 45 minutes or even 2 hours (I just started and didn't stop until I finished what I wanted to do).
- Walked to the gym.
- Had a good gym session (I'm excited to get into running).
- Walked back home while doing a bit of groceries (is this walking thing a hack to get more steps in? Perhaps).
- Cooked a good [bell pepper and onion recipe](https://www.isabeleats.com/sauteed-peppers-and-onions/) on my new stove !!! (I feel like the stove is more powerful than my previous one)
- Watched a couple of eps of Rhythm + Flow.
- Did a bit of house cleaning / rearranging (I have no idea why I'm suddenly motivated to do this).
---
This is day 3 post break-up and I'm here to report that it's still hard.

There are random moments in the day where I'll just get a flashback of a small moment and it'll make me miss the relationship so much.

As much as it pains me in the moment, I learned not to try to ignore it or try to run away from it.

The pain is there, it's raw and I'm feeling all of it because I know that it's the best way to deal with this heartache.

The one upside I've seen so far is my energy level and motivation to do things.

Every time I want to procrastinate, there's a little voice in my head that pushes me not to.

I'm not sure if it's healthy or not.

Or if it's here to stay or not.

I guess the point is that I'm just going with the flow and I'm doing whatever feels right in this moment.

I'm cutting myself some slack by not questioning whatever my body and mind feel like doing.

This actually also means I've been way more decisive lately.

It almost feels like after knowing the weight of importance that my relationship with JB held in my heart, everything else pales in comparison.

The micro day-to-day decisions that I take have no consequences or impact on the most important things in my life therefore  I'm able to make up my mind quicker and move on, knowing that it's inconsequential.

I find it quite amusing and interesting to analyze myself currently.

It's probably the biggest heartache and loss that I've had so far and, yet, on a personal level, I'm sorta thriving.

It seems like it was the catalyst I needed to get moving.

Let's see how long this lasts and how far I'll go.

Talk to you tomorrow.


