---
title: 009 - The truth shall set you free
date: 2024-08-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Getting back into a work flow.
- Went for a walk.
- Watched Liar Liar (movie).
- MBPC practice (my legs felt really good after yesterday's off-court. Need to remind myself to take smaller steps, but high frequency when I run).
- Got a nice follow-up message from Lis (congrats on getting into your program and charging more for your services !)
___  

Liar Liar was a great reminder of John 8:31-32 "[...] and the truth shall set you free."

I remember at some point being so drawn to the concept of "Radical Honesty", which is the practice of not lying at all.

At the time, I always felt compelled to lie about everything and anything.

Trying to fit in, trying not to hurt people's feelings, trying not to get rejected, trying to be funny, etc.

So when I first heard about it, there was something so raw that just drew me in.

Unfortunately, I never quite followed through with making radical honesty a practice, but as I'm advancing in my inner work journey, I can see a lot of parallels between radical honesty and the concept of being authentic.

At it's core, RH and authenticity are the same.

Both of them are about being and **owning** who you are.

And it's honestly liberating (no pun intended).

I think part of the practice of lying came from business. Our society is so drawn to money and business, being essentially THE field where money rules everything, has influenced our society to take a business approach into our lives.

Everyone knows that 99% of businesses lie especially when they're selling so it normalized it into our lives.

But imagine a world where we couldn't lie? There would be **a lot** of damage done at first, but my intuition tells me that it would make the world a better place.

Who knows, this is truly something we'll never know.
