---
title: 113 - Many many realizations today.
date: 2024-12-08
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up late and didn't sleep that well.
- Inspiration took over me and I recorded a short video on Living in Alignment.
- I ate lunch quickly.
- Folded my clothes.
- Got ready to head out.
- Drove to the open-mic.
- Recorded another quick video in the car after listening to an episode of Modern Wisdom (with Lionel Paige).
- Sang in front of the group (I was SO nervous, I honestly almost cannot recall my performance).
- Ate at my mom's and saw the whole fam.
- Went to the gym to do a long easy run.
---
Today, I realized a couple of things.

This blog and writing in general is more for myself than anyone else.

I do think I'd maybe want to write a book one day, but for now, I enjoy writing my raw, unfiltered thoughts instead of editing a text.

I want to be able to look back on my journey through writing and see how my life progressed.

That's the first realization.

The second realization is that the type of content I want to create is video.

I'm still debating internally whether I want to do short form or long form, I know it's not an "either or", but I will have to concentrate on one for the time being and so I'm still debating on that.

I'm leaning more towards short form as it's a more discoverable medium and can reach a wider audience. We'll see.

The third realization I made is that I'm scared of posting videos.

It's the same fear I had when I created that instagram post around coaching.

And because I've been there in the past, I know that the path forward is to lean into my fears.

If I am afraid, it's because I want to do it.

It's scary because every day, I watch other people do it on instagram or youtube and, for me, there's no judgement or anything, I actually enjoy watching these videos, but then, when I think of doing them, I think to myself "oh no, what are others going to think" or "the image that I built until now will be broken", etc.

Ultimately, it's about wanting to be loved right. And sometimes, I know people who think making these type of videos is cringe and cringe is not lovable.

I'm aware of the mental gymnastics I can do to "convince" myself that those people's opinions do not matter or whatever, but they do for now.

I also know that one way to get over this is to just post and be courageous about it.

The fourth realization I made today is in regard to my job.

I know, I've said a million times that I want to quit.

But I'm not self-accepting enough to admit that these handcuffs do be golden.

It feels nice and comforting to have money and always knowing that it's going to come in.

I know I will quit in 2025,  but I no longer know when.

I feel like the next few months will be me posting a bunch of videos and content.

Trying to get things going and seeing if there are any avenues I can take to monetize and make a living out of it.

I do think once I see a potential somewhere and that the potential is limited by my job, then I'll decide to quit.

I can't imagine myself quitting my job now and then spending all day just recording video after video.

I can totally do that while maintaining my job... for now.

I'll need to monitor very closely my energy levels.

If I feel like after work or before work, I cannot create content properly, then it might also force me to resign as my number one priority right now is putting out that content.

It comes first because it's what I want to do with my life.

Living in alignment.
