---
title: 095 - Talking to yourself in 3rd person.
date: 2024-11-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- First normal work day.
- Very boring, did not do anything really productive.
- Added more things to my xmas wish list (yes, I still have one).
- Went to go check out some stoves (s/o to Tarek, what a great guy).
- Took an excellent walk.
- Relaxed.
---
I was in a weird funk today.

I didn't know what was going on and I didn't know where I was headed.

Consequently, I forced myself to go take a walk to change my environment.

I then remembered something someone said on a podcast, which was to have conversation with ourselves in the 3rd or 2nd person.

I decided to try it... and it was amazing !

I am very good at giving advice to other people and I am very bad at giving myself advice.

Therefore, this method worked great for me.

Yes, I sounded like a mad man to anyone who was listening to me on my walk (aka no one) and it did feel slightly ridiculous at the beginning.

However, the results do not lie.

Once I started treating myself like one of my future clients, everything became much more clearer.

I was able to disassociate myself and take a more objective stance on my own thoughts.

I was essentially having a therapy session with myself !

One of the things I learned was that I am really good at giving advice.

Indeed, the words, phrases and questions I came up with to challenge my own point of view were much better than if I was talking in the 1st person or simply talking in my head.

The second thing I learned (mostly reinforced) is that I do get excited doing "therapy" or coaching or whatever this is called.

I love challenging thoughts and presenting a different more "positive" and light perspective on any given situation and/or thought.

So yeah, this works great for me and I'll continue doing it from now on.

My homework for the next session:

- What is your goal with fitness? What does looking like your best self look like?
- Why did I want a new stove so badly?

