---
title: 118 - The best of both worlds.
date: 2024-12-13
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I was tired at work and something not so fun happened, but I got over it quickly.
- I did do the task I needed to do today.
- Got messages from ST which made me happy, knowing that I still have people who love me and care for me.
- Got my first in person singing lesson and it was amazing (it's so cool to sing in person and learn more).
- Ate a quick supper / snack at Shawarmaz (expensive for what it was, taste was okay).
- Long social session at BlocShop + Gym (it was so fun, I can really see myself doing this more often, socializing is very nice at the moment - although my fingers are dead).
- Ate some thai express (good quick post-workout meal that was still open).
- Started watching Mr.Robot to pass the time.
- I've also been listening to Griff's album "Vertigo" on repeat. I love it.
---
Every now and then, I get a glimpse into living a normal life.

Usually it involves not having my job because it usually happens on Friday nights or after work.

It feels nice.

I've always beaten myself for not being decisive enough.

Always going back and forth between wanting my freedom by working for myself and then being too scared to quit and loving the comfort of my 9-5.

I understand why.

On nights like today, when I'm surrounded with friends, with enough money to spend on whatever activity without having to look twice in my bank account, life seems fun, it feels right.

I'm not worried about anything, just being in the moment, laughing, socializing, feeling like I belong there.

But then, Monday rolls in, I wake up to a job I don't like, doing something I ultimately don't believe in and I get sucked back into the pattern of not wanting to be there.

Let me zoom past these 5 days and get to the fun part.

Is this really living though? Being present for 3 days out of 7.

That's 42% of the time. Remove sleeping hours and it's actually way less.

It's such a weird feeling.

Knowing exactly what I like and don't like about both situations and just wishing I can have the best of both worlds.

I guess that's what I'm trying to build, a way to bridge that gap.

Today was a good day though.
