---
title: 024 - How important is the city we live in?
date: 2024-09-04
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Workout in the morning.
- A lot of sale calls to start off the day.
- Meeting heavy day, but also got some good work done (I'm very productive in Boston).
- I do not mind work as much here; however, my laptop setup is not ideal. That shit is killing my neck / traps / shoulders.
- Ate an excellent salad for lunch with chicken, eggs, cucumbers, corn and bell pepper.
- Walked to Alex's house.
- Ate supper (ribs with rice and string beans).
- Went grocery shopping to cook lunch for tomorrow.
- Cooked a quick mediterranean spaghetti with olives, tomatoes, olive oil, artichoke hearts, feta cheese, basil and parsley (let's see how it'll taste tomorrow).
- Back home and also my dad is here now.
---
On my walk today I wondered what my life would be like if I moved to Boston.

The only reason why is that I feel, as a city, the people here are much healthier.

I see a lot of people walk, run, bike and a lot of healthy food options.

It got me thinking how different it would be if Montreal was more healthy and also if I lived closer to the gym (easier access).

But then, I wondered what was the point of being near more active people.

Sure, it can motivate me more, but why not just work on motivating myself?

Part of it is having a sense of belonging and a more stable community.

I feel like Montreal is more of a chill city where people like to hangout, have a beer and have discussions vs being active, reaching for goals, etc.

Surely though, I can find 5-6 people in Montreal who want a similar lifestyle as me, no?

Or maybe everyone who is "like me" eventually move out of the city to go some place that fits more with their lifestyle.

Not sure. For now though, I'm simply concentrating on completing 75HARD and that has been going well.


