---
title: 101 - Living in alignment.
date: 2024-11-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Pretty normal day at work. Nothing of interest happened.
- Up to date with rhythm + flow season 2 (not as good as season 1 imo).
- Listened to an awesome awesome podcast from Danny Miranda with his guest Nick Sweeney.
- MBPC Practice (doesn't feel as good when I'm not super motivated haha).
- Felt a bit sad eating supper alone.
- Had an unexpected call with JB (we're navigating through whatever we are right now).
---
The type of energy that Danny Miranda and his guest Nick Sweeney were giving off is exactly how I want to live my life.

You cannot help but feel better whenever you listen to them speak.

Everything they say, I understand and it's the type of conversation and philosophy that I want to follow.

It's a very expansive feeling that makes you want to live life with love and in alignment with your true self.

I thought of moving to Austin in order to be around more people like them.

It might still be a possibility; however, a part of me also wants to bring this type of energy to Montreal.

Even with it's cold weather, I love my city and I cannot imagine that there aren't any Danny Miranda's or Nick Sweeney's in this city.

It would be awesome to create a community here.

On a personal level, I also believe I want to give out that type of energy to other people when they meet me.

The goal is not to impress them, it's simply to let them know "wow, it's possible to live with this type of glow".

I always felt like a loner in this city.

I wasn't the type to drink, I am trying to avoid being a complainer, I want more out of life than simply living outside of business hours, I care about my health a lot, I want to output love and positive energy in the world and I think I'm overall a good person with good intentions.

Because of who I am and what my interests are, I often day-dreamed of moving to another city in order to find my people, but maybe, just maybe, I can find my people here.

Maybe I haven't done a good enough job at showcasing myself to my world in order to attract people who are like me.

So yeah, I have a blurry vision of what type of person I want to be and the community I'd like to build.

This goes hand in hand with my idea of writing more, putting out more content (podcast or shorts?) and getting into coaching.

Yes, I want to be a coach, the most basic thing in the world.

But that's who I am, why should I run away from it?

Because some people who don't really know me make fun of it?

What about the people that do know me?

Do they know that I am simply living in alignment.

What about me?

Do I know that by doing so, I'm living in alignment? Yes, then that's enough.

Most of us would rather avoid judgement and be miserable than be happy and judged by people that don't matter.
