---
title: 122 - Masculine and feminine energies.
date: 2024-12-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I've been pretty good at work recently.
- Got my tasks done for the day.
- Watched some Blue Lock S02.
- Practiced singing in the car on my way there.
- MBPC Practice (I'm going to miss pushing myself at badminton).
- Had a relaxing night where I just ate supper & watched blue lock.
---
I'm supposed to write this post, but I'm too busy jamming out to Griff's last night's mascara and pillow in my arms.

Talking about Griff and me enjoying a lot of female artists recently, I just discovered the concept of masculine and feminine energy while listening to the "Listen before Love" podcast by Elle & Cameron.

I concluded that I am lacking in the masculine energy, which is the energy required to "do".

Making sure that you take care of your wife and your kids financially and physically (protection).

I think it's being I was born as the youngest child and was raised by a single mother so I had a lot of time "to be" instead of to do.

This might also explain why my past two relationships were affected by my lack of stability.

Because I lack masculine energy, I spend a lot of time being "in my feelings" and that's why I always go from "quitting" to "not quitting" and then back again.

As such, girls with feminine energy can sense a lack of security and I am not able to provide the protection and security that is needed to have a harmonious relationship.

It might also explain why 75HARD was good for me. It's a challenge that is very masculine energy oriented. All about doing no matter how we want to be or feel.

This might also explain why I am recently thinking of pursuing martial arts and wanting to be more muscular.

I'm somehow looking to balance out my energy.

Maybe. This is quite interesting.

Relationships are not an area I was paying a lot of attention to, but is probably something I should learn more about.
