---
title: 061 - Random thoughts.
date: 2024-10-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Stressful day at work. I had many things to think about and didn't feel motivated to work.
- I really needed a small break today.
- I got a small break when I walked on this beautiful day with JB.
- I read Shaan Puri's essay on ["figuring out what you want"](https://www.shaanpuri.com/essays/how-i-spent-a-year-strategically-broke-and-why-it-was-the-best-decision-of-my-life). I love his writing style, it's so compelling and homie at the same time.
- Bought her some Valentine and it smelled amazing (wish I could have eaten some too).
- Started looking for a used range stove that I can purchase.
- MBPC practice (most chill / relax practice ever today).
- Listened to Modern Wisdom podcast about King Henry V (it was quite nice to just learn more about historical stuff).
- Worked at night to get some stuff done for tomorrow.
---
Overall, today was a good day.

The weather was beautiful, I spent the day working at JB's place.

I got to take an amazing walk.

I was definitely stressed over work and that stress is stuck near my neck / shoulder area.

I should maybe book a massage soon just to relieve some of that tension.

Yeah, I just felt a bit overwhelmed with everything going on.

I did get 2 reminders that writing is an area I'd want to explore more.

Newsletters, tweets, long posts and, as I mentioned previously, maybe a book.

Actually, this might be the avenue I'd want to explore after 75HARD.

Improving my communication skills via writing and speaking on the subject of happiness / HAPPIER (by you).


