---
title: 025 - Anxiety on the workshop
date: 2024-09-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- ATG workout in the morning.
- It was a slower day at work for me. I think the slight lack of sleep has caught up.
- I liked talking to Adam about Sales and also training the new employee.
- The mediterranean pasta was really good ! Will definitely make again.
- Walked a different route to go to Alex's place. Walking and thinking is a nice break from work (no music or podcast).
- Starting to get more comfortable holding the baby, I even fed her today !
- Went to a fancy sushi restaurant for Alex's birthday, but I couldn't eat much except for steak, rice and broccolini (I'm a bit disappointed that I couldn't find him a gift this year).
- Talked to the Uber driver on the way back about Brazil, he didn't give me any confidence about the safeness of the country though haha.
---
It's a bit frustrating having all these thoughts about my workshop while walking and not having the time to write them down.

Not only that, I think even if I did take time to write them down, it wouldn't sound as nice as when I'm speaking about it.

I'm honestly a bit nervous about the workshop and really want to cancel it badly. I don't think I gave it enough time for people to come.

However, just as I'll be explaining in the workshop, a lot of things in life is not about the outcome at all.

It's about the process of getting there and the person you become in the process.

For me, the big win will be to actually sit down, hopefully sometime this week, rewrite the whole event to now target exactly who I want (aka me from the past), increase the price and get myself ready for that day to give the best workshop I possibly can.

Whether 2 or 15 people show up, it does not matter.

I told myself I was going to do it this day, I want to figure out if I love this or not and if I run away from it now and move it to a further date, I will simply be repeating my past mistakes.

This event is for them, but it's also very much so for myself.

Once the workshop is over, I can determine whether I liked it or not.

If I like it and want to do more, then the success of this workshop did not matter because I'll have more opportunities to make it better.

If I don't like it and don't want to do anymore, then the success of this workshop did not matter because it was a once time thing.

Ultimately, this is what I want to talk and teach in my workshop.

All the over-thinkers like me are smart people who get in their own way when the most important thing to find your passion and eventually make it successful is to become a person who takes action on their thoughts.
