---
title: 067 - Support your friends.
date: 2024-10-23
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Started off with a rough morning, sleeping without a pillow is definitely better for my neck, but I don't sleep as soundly.
- I did 5 hours of video calls in a row ! It was crazy. Weirdly though, I felt okay at the end of it all.
- Ate breakfast + lunch.
- Watched another ep of LL (Lincoln Lawyer - I will abbreviate like this from now on).
- Went to get a massage / osteo consultation. It went great, I came in for my neck / shoulders and came out of it with new hope of permanently healing my hip / adductor situation !
- Grocery shopping at Walmart that took a bit more time than expected. I somehow always fail to go in, buy the thing I'm going in for and getting out. Shopping is just fun I guess.
- Went for a walk.
- Cooked some salmon with a nice rub that has brown sugar in it. It really does make a difference in flavour !
- Watched another ep of LL.
- Going to finish off the night with writing this blog, reading my 10 pages and some power or yin yoga.
---
A rule that I made up for myself starting with my realtor is to always work with friends.

I'm not talking about work work, but rather any service that I have to use whether it be a realtor, a plumber, a dentist, optometrist, physiotherapist, branding, marketing, etc.

I have made it a rule to always try and work with people I know if possible.

Yes, even if they're not "the best" in their field unless it's something super important (like a surgery).

I used to believe that everything was about finding "the best" and I'm glad my belief changed on this.

Today, I did exactly this when I was looking to get a massage.

Even though I had a physio clinic literally 2 minutes of walking away from my home, I decided to go further in order to support someone I know.

And what do you know, he decided to further his studies and become an osteopath.

Which then helped me make progress on my hip problem.

The same problem I've had since 2018 or something !

Now, this was obviously a coincidence, there's probably a universe where I go see him for a massage and he didn't further his studies so I'd only be receiving the massage and not the whole hip treatment.

However, I do believe that there's something great in supporting your friends in whatever business they have.

It creates a closer bond, they're getting paid, you're most likely getting serviced better.

It's a win-win.

So yeah, go support your friend's businesses.

I don't have any logical argument as to why this would be better for you except that "it's dope".

Everywhere you go, it's like hanging out with a friend except they also solve your problem.

Dope dope dope.
