---
title: 058 - I still care about other people's opinion.
date: 2024-10-14
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Past 3 Days:** 

- Just finished off a long weekend that had a badminton tournament.
- Good results overall, I'm starting to really see my progression and am liking my trajectory.
- Completed my challenges every day even though I felt extremely tired at the end of each day.
- Did some Costco groceries and cooked myself some salmon.
- Finished Culinary Class Wars with JB (it was sooooo good, I definitely recommend it. It was inspiring to hear the chefs and their backstory through cooking).
- Spend some relaxing time with JB.
---
I always love tournament weekends because it allows me to completely zone out from my regular day to day.

It also makes me realize how much more energy I have when I'm not on the computer all day.

Seriously, I woke up at 6am for the past 2 days, but because I was being active, I didn't feel tired the whole day until it was time to go to sleep.

It does seem a bit inevitable to work on computers nowadays though.

I'd like to align my life with spending no longer than 3-4 hours in front of a screen (TV, phone, computer).

With my current job, it's impossible, but it might be possible in other roles / industries.

Today, I learned that I still care a lot about "being a good person" and being liked by everyone.

The problem with this is that we sometimes need to stand our ground to defend and protect the values we hold dear and that might cause some people not to like us.

It's just life.

As long as I am insistent on being liked by everyone, I can never truly lean into who I am 100%.

Ultimately, being liked by everyone is simply the facade of wanting to be a good person (or perhaps not wanting to be a bad one).

So instead of basing my "goodness" on other people's opinions, I should base it off of what I think is good.

A good action viewed by a bad person might seem bad, but it is good.

And then, the last element is being self-aware enough to constantly review my definition of "good" and reflect on complex situations to truly analyze if I was in the right or wrong based on what I did.

You're really only a bad person if you keep doing the same wrong things over and over without ever reflecting on them, learning and growing.

Having bad moments or doing a bad thing, does not make you a bad person even though that's what cancel culture wants you to think.

Of course, that also depends on the severity of the bad thing, but I think this applies in 99% of the cases.
