---
title: 092 - Clarity.
date: 2024-11-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Meditated for 10 minutes to clear out some fog.
- Went to go change my tires with Alex.
- Ate at Deer Garden with Alex and had a little therapy session with him.
- Found a lot of clarity post-conversation while going back home.
- Took a walk to process the clarity.
- Ate at my mom's place with the family (alex + nancy + bella + mom).
- Went to Rob's place to turn on car (but then found out that the battery was dead, need to go back to jumpstart it).
- Had a conversation with JB that hurt a little, but we're going to get through it.
---
I talked to Alex today and it made me confident about my ability to help people with their life problems.

I know what I'm talking about and I'm good at it.

I've spent so much time researching, pondering, wondering, questioning everything that has to do with human behaviour that if someone has a problem with something, I've most likely tried to solve that problem myself.

This led to a clear thought of: The way I want to serve is by conversing with people about their problems.

Yes, I've had the thought before back when I was coaching with Danny and I eventually strayed from that path.

The reason I strayed is because I was extrapolating future problems such as:

- Not being good enough.
- People not believing that I had the credentials ("what does he know?").
- The stigma that comes with alternative therapy ("all life coaches are scams").
- Not wanting to charge 150$ per hour (or more) and not feeling comfortable doing it.
- Being trapped in the wheel of "I have to do this forever?!"
- Scared of failing.
- The uncertainty of this being "my thing" / What if I don't like this?

Today, I had enough peace of mind to address directly or indirectly every single one of these concerns.

- I know I am good enough as I've done this countless times in the past with people from different walks of life.
- This is a problem of other people's judgment that I'll have to get over regardless of what I do. I just need the self-belief that what I'm doing is right and adds positivity to the world.
- "The only people who can judge are the people inside the arena".
- I will not be charging an outrageous amount of money, if anything, I'll be charging less than all traditional therapy. This will not be my primary way of making money.
- I won't have to do this forever as I have plans to expand this beyond 1on1s in order to serve to the masses.
- I've already decided that I'd rather try and fail knowing that "I did it my way".
- After having the conversation with Alex, I just knew that I love this. Being able to help people move forward in life and getting them unstuck towards a happier life. I know I love this. It might not be "my thing", but it's certainly "a thing that I love".

My plan is to separate my life into two buckets.

The first one being how I serve the world.

This is where I want to start with 1on1 alternative therapy for a low price (I'm thinking 30, 40 or 50$) in order to give the world a way of getting help without breaking the bank.

In order to market myself, I want to create content, mainly a lot of writing, tweeting and possibly some short form content.

I'll want to eventually write a book, do talks and workshops.

My goal here is to try and help as many people as possible in different format that makes sense.

I'd also want to find a mastermind group where I can discuss and bounce-off ideas and theories about human behaviour.

The second bucket is my own life.

To serve the world the best possible, I need to become the best version of myself.

This entails doing HARD THINGS and taking care of my physical, mental and spiritual health.

Maybe I'll create content around the hard things I do to inspire people, but it will not be my primary thing.

I want to take care of myself for myself.

If creating content gets in the way of let's say running a marathon, I will not create content.

I do these things in order to have MYSELF and no one else.

"You seek in others what you lack in yourself".

If I become full, all that I have left to do is give to others.

This is my current plan, let's see how long I stick with this idea and what thoughts come up in the upcoming days that might lead me astray or make me not think like this anymore.




