---
title: 030 - Rough day
date: 2024-09-10
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Went for my morning walk (it was nice taking a new route).
- At work, I remember being very motivated in the morning and then something happened and I just lost all my steam after my multiple calls.
- Had a cool discussion with Pascal N. T. about a potential startup idea.
- My mom came to drop off some food (thank you !).
- Long commute to badminton practice (I really need to find a solution, 1h in traffic is not fun).
- First MBPC practice of the badminton season.
- Watched the first episode of Occupation Double Mexique (it was entertaining).
- Wanted to get my rackets at Jason's but he never replied to me (odd).

---
I am tired.

I only slept 7 hours and because I'm doing 75HARD, I think I need to rest more than that.

Luckily, I'll get more than 8 hours tonight.

What can I say? It was just a rough day mentally.

I didn't work well, I was rushing to go to practice, my car is making a weird noise again and my badminton practice was hard (even though it was an easy practice, but felt hard).

Today, while I was developing an idea with Pascal, I thought back about the tech startup world and creating apps.

I even watched like 60% of a video about Cursor + v0 + Claude + Replit in order to code apps without actually coding.

And really, there should be no problem with me having these thoughts; however, because it's **me**, it IS a problem.

Whenever I think of apps and getting back into that world, I get excited, but that excitement is just a trap, some sort of mental masturbation because guess what?

Will I ever code those apps? No ! Most probably not.

So why do I even fantasize about this. Simply because it's a golden opportunity to become successful !

In the back of my mind, there's a little script constantly running that is obsessed with success and making it.

When, in reality, I really just love doing simple things that bring me joy.

Working out, playing sports, reading (when I read just for fun, not when I feel the need to "gain more knowledge"), singing, dancing, I wish I could learn at least 2 more languages in order to interact with more people, watching movies and joking around.

At some point, life became really serious in my head.

Part of me likes it because it thinks that I need to take life more seriously in order to accomplish my goals, etc.

Another part of me thinks that taking it too seriously is not good either. It's not a matter of balance.

I believe there's a state of "flow" or living where you don't take life too seriously, but you enjoy what you're doing and your mind is "blank".

I don't know what the solution is. Maybe sleeping will help.

Last thing that made today rough is my body.

Also something frustrating because I don't know how to solve it since I don't know what's going on with it.

I'll explain.

My body is not the same as when I was doing track. I definitely feel like that was my peak athleticism in terms of strength, speed, endurance, everything.

Even before starting track though, I was 85% there, the track training definitely helped, but I had a very solid foundation.

Now, I can barely get through a practice without my body feeling sore and me feeling sluggish.

It's weird and frustrating.

I don't know if it's a lack of conditioning, if it's because I'm getting older (although some people my age have elite fitness), if I have develop some type of muscle imbalance, if my body forgot how to use my muscles properly, if I need to hit the gym more and develop some muscles that I no longer use, if it's because I don't rest / recovery  properly or if it's because my muscles need to be more "elastic" / flexible.

All I know is that I hate it.

It feels like my mind wants to do something, but my body has other plans. I'm not in control of it.

Alright, that was my rough day.


