---
title: 033 - I'm back from a long weekend
date: 2024-09-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Past 5 days:** 

- During the weekend, I had my tournament at Sherbrooke. First of the year. It went well all things considered, but I did not sleep a lot and was fully exhausted. Biggest thing I learned is that I need to stay more calm during my games.
- I saw JB on Saturday, but we both agreed that we pushed ourselves too much and should avoid it in the future. If we're both very tired, it doesn't make sense to see each other.
- Reset day for me on Sunday where I also said my temporary farewell to Rob (enjoy !). I also ended up sleeping over at JB's again and it was much nicer than Saturday.
- Started my new role on Monday, a bit nervous about having to perform / sale, but I constantly remind myself that it's all about confidence. I know the product, I know my company, there's nothing to worry about.
- Today, built out some demos and got ready to give a demo tomorrow.
- Went to MBPC practice where I learned "pousse et tire" (finally).
- Cooked myself salmon for the first time and it was very good.
- Planning to sleep early as I am tired.

---
First of all, good thing this blog is not part of 75HARD.

When I started it, the plan was to blog every single day no matter what; however, it's not a priority for me, which is why I decided not to blog this weekend.

With that being said, I will do my best to blog every day that I can.

Life has been good ever since I realized that I had no priorities in life and decided to do something about it.

I wanted to gym, start something on the side, do 75HARD, become better at badminton, earn a following on social media...

That is way too much because the reality is that those are not the only things in my life.

I want to spend time with my family, I want to spend time with my girlfriend, I want to spend time with my friends, I have a full time job, I need to cook for myself with 75HARD, I want to sleep a good amount every day, etc.

It's very easy to forget all the little things we have committed to, but once you take a broad inventory of **all** the things you have going on in your life; it's easy to see how little time you actually have for other things.

Consequently, I decided to drop everything and concentrate on two things until Nov 15th.

75HARD and badminton.

Once 75HARD is over, I'll probably consider adding something else, but for now, those are the two extra things I can manage.

Lastly, I wanted to write down an idea I had:

I want to write a guide on how to "find your passion", which consists of simply exploring things you are interested in. Give yourself 12 months or 24 months, each thing you want to try, do it for 30-60 days or a fixed amount of output (ex: 8 podcast episodes) and try to do them as closely as possible to the real deal. By time boxing it, you give yourself permission to stop after x days (removes the pressure of "omg, I need to do this and like this forever") and, more importantly, you train yourself to become a DO-er instead of a THINK-er.

I think this will be valuable.
