---
title: 045 - 29 on the 29.
date: 2024-09-29
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Spent the first 2 hours scrolling.
- Went for a wonderful walk.
- Went to the grocery store to buy some ingredients to make chicken noodle soup.
- Made chicken noodle soup.
- Ate at my mom's place with JB (some good mediterranean salmon with beans + cherry tomatoes + olives AND a surprise birthday cake made with banana, pineapple and whole wheat flour - thank you mom for the thoughtfulness).
- Ended the night with some yin yoga with JB.
---
Today was my 29th birthday and I really wanted to do a triple 29 by doing 29 lessons I've learned by 29 on the 29th.

Unfortunately, I am, yet again, late with writing my blog post and didn't find the time to write out a more thoughtful post.

When starting this blog, I wanted this to be a place where I can develop the daily thoughts I have and see how my mentally progresses over time.

Instead, it became a chore and a burden where I mainly list out what I did during the day and write a quick note about the thoughts I have with the promise that I'll develop them one day.

Except, that one day never really comes because I forget about it or simply don't have time to expand on them the next day.

Let me write out some main points of the thoughts I had in the past 2 days:

1. The wedding yesterday reminded me of the importance of relationships and that it's one of **the** most important things to invest in.
2. All the weddings I attended all had a similar format where the night was filled with alcohol and dancing in order to celebrate the couple. JB brought up that it wasn't the type of wedding she wanted and my initial thought was "well, that's what everyone does so it should be like that", but upon deeper reflection, I realized that the wedding is supposed to be a celebration of the couple and they should have the wedding be how they want their loved ones to celebrate them. I'm now convinced that I won't be having a "traditional" wedding.
3. Growing up, I always thought I was going to have a big wedding and invite everyone I know, but after yesterday's wedding, the idea of having a small wedding came to my mind. It would only be celebrated with the people we are the closest closest to. It would be about the depth of our connections, not the breadth.
4. Society in North America has success as it's north star. As a result, many many decisions that we take day-to-day does not make sense for our happiness. The fact that it's acceptable or "the norm" to work at jobs that make us miserable is an example. We constantly chase money with no clear goal of what we'll do with that money except retire eventually.
5. The ultimate weapon against modern society and most of it's unhappy components is gratitude.
6. My convictions about staying at this job at starting to sway again. It does not make sense to me. Dreading mondays should not be our week-to-week. 
