---
title: 008 - Overthinking is a coping mechanism
date: 2024-08-19
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---

**Day:**  

- Worked at JB's place.
- Had a surprising conversation with her middle sister.
- Got a decent amount of work done. I think if I concentrate on completing 3 tasks per day, put on some music, I can make it work temporarily.
- Ate lunch with JB.
- Played overcook with JB.
- Died at the off-court MBPC practice ( felt really good to push myself, but did not feel good to feel like fainting haha)
- Late night call and physically dying with JB.
___  

Overthinking is a coping mechanism we use to not do the action.

While thinking about my workshop, I was thinking of all the different reasons why we do not take action.

One of them is that we spend more time thinking about the problem than taking action.

So I asked myself "Why do we / I overthink?"

And the conclusion I've reached is that overthinking is less scary and less effort than actually doing the thing and finding out.

It's a pervasive idea that has been reinforced by society. This idea of being smart, being intellectual, thinking through your problems.

The more I advance in my inner work journey, the more I realize that solution to all problems is simply to take more action and try things out.

I remember about 8 years ago or so, I came up with this theory to "live life like a scientist" where the perfect way of living was to pose some hypotheses and try to prove or disprove them.

I think this is even more relevant now than it was 8 years ago.

With social media, internet and everything, it becomes so much easier to pretend you're doing something. 

Whether it be by watching Tik Tok videos, consuming podcasts, watching youtube, scrolling X or your IG feed.

The only real way of knowing something, anything is to try it out.

And overthinking is just another excuse we have to not take action.

I'm here spending hours in my head, thinking about every little detail, trying to make the perfect workshop (because of fear as I mentioned before) and, yet, you know what would probably be better than this?

Showing up with the bare minimum plan aka the material for the workshop and doing it.

Then, when it's over, simply ask for feedback from everyone who attended on what to keep and what to improve on.

Then, implement whatever feedback was given and whatever I think could be improved.

This action based approach could probably delivery an amazing workshop after 4 sessions, but that's too much right?

We want it to be perfect the first try ! So we think and think and think to the point that it's officially overthinking.

You never overthink things that do not scare you.

Let me repeat that: You never overthink things that do not scare you.

Have you ever overthought doing the dishes?

What about cleaning your place? Do you spend hours about the perfect way to clean your place?

Or to shower? Or to brush your teeth?

Hell no ! (hopefully, if not, my condolences)

We simply do it and improve on it over time.

This sounds oversimplified, but I'm truly understanding that it's the secret to life.

Let's not overcomplicate things, just start with the simple version, take action instead of overthinking the complicated version.

Voila.





