---
title: 080 - Small positive update.
date: 2024-11-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Busy demo day today.
- Always wondering to wake up with JB.
- Went for an afternoon walk to clear my head.
- Ate some good chicken for lunch with some good vegetarian rice.
- Listened to a couple of french songs (don't know why I'm in my french vibe recently, but I like it !)
- MBPC Practice (something feels differently good about my body, I feel lighter).
- Ate some good bean stew with brown rice for supper.
---
75HARD will officially be over in exactly 1 week and I cannot wait.

I'm so excited to be able to eat good food again.

Not that the food I was eating wasn't good, but let's just say a lot of cravings have not been met over the past 2 months.

It will also mark the end of a challenge, which will allow space for something new in my life.

Overall, I've been feeling great this past week.

Ever since I had that conversation with my mixed partner about having a more positive outlook on life, not dwelling on the past or mistakes, there's a shift that happened.

I noticed myself complaining less and I'm able to catch myself whenever I worry about the future.

Having the belief and confidence that everything will be alright no matter what helps a lot.

Less stress, less tension in my body.

Not sure why, I've also noticed myself having less trouble getting things done.

Simple things like doing the dishes or reading.

I have the thought in my head, debate for 2 mins and get on with it.

It's a nice change of pace instead of mentally fighting with myself for 10-15 minutes.

So yeah, good stuff in the present, excited about the near future.

I can't complain.

Looking forward to exploring what fun things my mind comes up with after 75HARD.
