---
title: 026 - If you're depressed about your life, build momentum
date: 2024-09-06
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- ATG workout again.
- Last day of work before the weekend. Work passed quickly this week. I even finished at 6:30pm today instead of signing off early !
- Ate a salad bowl for lunch, which was surprisingly filling.
- My trainee told me that I was very good at explaining with context and that I spoke clearly. Hearing that made me happy.
- Ate salmon for supper (I forgot how much I liked it).
- Ended the night with a little scrolling and a call with JB.
---
You're depressed because you constantly think about the future and if you extrapolate your current situation over 25 years, you hate what you see.

So what's the solution? Well people tell you to simply be more present.

"Stop thinking about the future, stop thinking about the past, simply be present."

Which is great advice. If you actually think about the present, in this very moment, "all is well" as Danny Miranda would say.

You're breathing, you're here, there's nothing wrong with your life. You're just reading this text and when you concentrate only on this moment, there's so sadness present.

But then your mind starts to wonder and you think about the work you don't like, the relationships you wish were better, the body you don't have, the experiences you wish you could live, etc.

And the worst part is...

You can see yourself exactly in this same situation 20 years from now and it scares you.

20 years of the same old shitty life.

"I already dislike my life right now, imagine this same shit for 20 years, I'll just be 20 years older, more depressed, more tired, more body problems and more regrets."

So you start day dreaming about traveling, going abroad, going far far away from your current situation because running away from it all seems so much easier than facing reality.

Except there's one big problem...

You don't have enough money, you have too many responsibilities, you have family here, all your friends are here, you're scared of leaving the little comforts you know for the great unknown.

And the big blow is that deep deep down, you know that traveling and running away will not solve your problems.

Now, **that** is why you feel depressed and anxious.

I already told you what the solution is though, it's all about being present right?

Except, as mentioned previously, our brains just don't want to accept it.

No matter how much we try and struggle to only think in the present, we can't help but think about the future. 

The future is supposed to be our little ray of hope that things will get better.

So why don't we use it in that way?

Instead of going against human nature and fight our desire to think about the future, why don't we use the future to help us in the present?

That is the secret solution.

Obviously, if you can learn to be more present, that's great.

But if you have trouble doing that?

**Build momentum in the present that will allow you to imagine a better future**

You don't have to have the perfect life right now in order to feel happier.

In fact, most successful people agree that the journey to getting somewhere is much more fulfilling than actually getting there.

The point is not to have everything figured out now, the point is to start building the little lego blocks that will allow you to imagine a better future.

So while you work on being more present (the ideal solution), you can also help yourself by building a life in the present that if you extrapolate over 20 years, will give you a future that you LOVE.

That's why programs like 75HARD work.

Exercising twice daily, eating clean, reading and drinking lots of water not only make you feel great in the present, but as you go through the program, you're able to say to yourself:

"Wow ! I already feel great at day 5, imagine if I continue doing this for 70 more days !"

To finish up, if you ever feel depressed / sad / anxious about your life, ask yourself if you are on the path to building an awesome life or one that makes you sick to your stomach.

If it's the latter, start implementing habits and goals that would lead you to an extraordinary life for YOU.

Remember, the important part is to take action **now**.




