---
title: 123 - Personal growth and work growth.
date: 2024-12-18
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- It was a good day work today also.
- I did the tasks I needed to do without much procrastination.
- Ate a late lunch while watching Blue Lock.
- Went to pick up my new glasses.
- Had a nice little conversation with DVLH.
- Walk to the gym.
- Had a nice gym session.
- Walked back.
- Ate supper while watching Shrinking.
---
I listened to a lot of The Kid LAROI today.

He is an amazing artist.

It sounds a bit ridiculous given my background, my age, my total lack of musicality, but there's a part of me that believes I'm a creative at heart and that I'll eventually release music.

There's just a spark that happens in my soul when I listen to music and I want to create that spark for other people because it's the closest to "feeling" and "being" that I can think of.

Like, yes, words work and whatnot, but music can pierce your soul.

It goes through every barrier you have and you can talk directly to someone's heart.

It's incredible.

Anyway, I learned today that I often end up trying to think about the future and trying to control it.

It simply doesn't work well for me.

Every time I try to think about a big goal or something daring, it tends to not translate to the present.

The best things I do is when I just imagine something very briefly like "I'll make music one day", I send it out to God and then I let my present self take care of things.

I don't try to plan or whatnot, I let it develop naturally and led by my natural curiosity to do things that please me.

This happened with martial arts.

I wanted to find "the best" and then I told myself, just try all of them, like 1-3 classes and I'll stick to whatever I love the most.

My life has really become about being present and enjoying what I'm doing and let it build to something (or not) in time.

At least, that's what I'm trying to do more of.

Two last points.

First one, my emotions and heartache.

I'm not sure what's going on, I feel like I've discovered so many things about myself and things that could be improved in the relationship that I feel like I'm way less heartbroken than I initially was?

Part of me feels bad, but then again, I can't change how I feel.

Or maybe this is just my coping mechanism because I've never really experienced heartbreak so this is the first time that I see this side of me.

I definitely want to concentrate on building up my masculine energy and make sure I contribute more to the masculine energy of my future relationship.

There's just so much growth still left for me, I really don't see myself in a relationship any time soon... but then again, it's only been 1 month haha.

Second and last thing, I want to take a bit of time to try and understand why it's going well at work at the moment.

Part of it is definitely acceptance.

Once I accepted that I was someone who loved the comfort of getting a stable salary, I instantly felt pressure off my shoulders and it allowed me to be comfortable in my current situation.

However, it does not explain why I don't mind doing the work or why I'm not procrastinating as much...

Okay, I thought about two things.

One, I do think the fact that I'm no longer playing the corporate game helps a lot. I'm not quiet quitting, but I'm also no longer trying to prove myself, to try and climb up the ladder, to have a better salary, to be the best sales engineer and, ultimately, I'm no longer scared of getting fired either.

This allows me to show up at work, do whatever tasks I feel are necessary to do for the day and then just relax without feeling guilty. I'm just doing the best I can in that moment. Nothing more, nothing less and if it's not enough for the company, then they can fire me. If it doesn't get me promoted, then that's okay also because I'm happy with where I am and my current salary.

Two, my outlook on life has changed in general. I'm living more in the present and consequently, I'm spending less time trying to look for something or escape my current situation. I'm no longer fantasizing about a different life or what I could be doing instead of being here at work or how much time I'm wasting here, etc. Because I am no longer comparing my current situation to an imaginary better alternative, the only thing I have left is the thing in front of me. My work. If I feel like relaxing or singing or doing a bit of research, I'll do that, but eventually, my urge to do something else will pass and I'll get back to my work.

Living my life by being scared of having regrets on my deathbed is also not living in alignment.

I am essentially still living in fear when I do this.

The reality is that I think if I spend all my time in my head, making the days go by and I'd die suddenly, I would probably also regret not having been more present and enjoy every second of my living life.

I think that's living in alignment, being present.

This is one of the most basic advice and I still haven't mastered it haha.

Really good insight, I'm glad I took the time to analyze this.





