---
title: 126 - Thank you, Badminton.
date: 2024-12-21
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up to the a stomach ache due to eating too many noodles yesterday night.
- Had a nice little catch up with Rob.
- Attended my last MBPC practice (not really, but officially yes).
- Had a group singing course and sang (less anxious than the first time).
- Went to go eat at my mom's place and just bonded with her.
- Wrapped some gifts together.
- Went to pick up Alex's gift for his wife.
- Watched some Shrinking to finish the night (it is a good show and just what I need to relax and feel good).
---
It's time to call it quits.

I've retired from badminton twice in the past so I'm not going to pretend like this is THE final one.

It sure feels like it though.

Looking back on my whole badminton journey brings so many good memories.

I don't think I have any bad bad memories.

It just brought me so much joy, passion, discipline, fitness, friendship, etc.

I only have good things to say about this sport that I still love.

Out of everything I've ever done in my life, I am very confident to say that badminton was my first true love.

In total, my journey with this sport spanned from the time I was 11 all the way to 29.

Yes, I had 1 major break in-between, but it's whatever.

I'm so glad I decided to come back when I did and if I could go back in time, I definitely would take all the same decisions related to badminton.

I only have pure love for this sport and everything it has given to me.

I'm eternally grateful for the hardships, the lessons, the ups & downs career wise, especially the community and friends that I built along the way.

My life would definitely not have been the same without badminton.

Even though I will be moving out to something new, this sport will forever have a special place in my heart.

Thank you for all the great memories, badminton.

With all the love in the world,

Nich.
