---
title: 088 - NYC Day 2, Last day of 75HARD !
date: 2024-11-13
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up at a decent hour.
- Headed to a cafe to join my colleagues and "listened" to the Q3 review.
- Met with customer number 1 (VC) for more in depth conversation (no demo).
- Last minute created a demo for customer meeting number 2 (PE).
- Ate lunch at CAVA again (it's so good).
- Met with customer number 2, demo did not go great, but it is what it is.
- Last minute prep for customer number 3 (C).
- Final demo of the day that went a bit all over the place, but apparently went great according to them.
- Had a long ass supper at a fancy restaurant where I could only eat 1 eat (their chicken, but it was really good !)
- Socialized a whole lot and learned that I should visit Malaysia.
- Walked back to the hotel to get my first workout in.
- Read my 10 pages.
- Writing my blog now.
- Going to do a last yin yoga session as my last and final workout for 75HARD.
---
It was a LONG journey, but oh so worth it.

Finally at my last day of 75HARD and it's been year changing.

I will write a bigger post about it another day.

I am just happy that I'm done and have absolutely no regrets about doing it.

I also found out today that it makes for a great dinner conversation starter.

It was a hectic day, I didn't really have time to rest.

It was just work after work after work.

And I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it.

Meeting new people, although uncomfortable at first, is great.

One thing I've learned from this trip is that working in person is awesome.

Obviously, working remotely has its benefits, it's much more comfortable, you can plan a life outside of work, and it's just better for work-life balance.

However, working in person is the best to do good work. I have no doubt about it.

Because of this, I will try to incorporate as many in person work sessions in the next thing I'm going to do.

Whether it be working with colleagues or doing some sort of coworking.

Working alone, in the same place where you live sucks for productivity, effectiveness and fun.

I will die on that hill.

Another thing I learned is that I'm really bad at taking compliments.

Someone from customer 3 tried to compliment me, saying that "I crushed it" and I just didn't know what to do with it haha.

Guess I'll need to analyze that eventually.

Not today though.
