---
title: 037 - Stop complaining and lean into it
date: 2024-09-21
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up before practice.
- Was late to MBPC practice, but got a really really good training in (I was gassed. Form coming along. Staying wider).
- Picked up JB at work and went to Avril to do groceries (Going to be my new best friend grocery for the rest of 75HARD).
- Real talk with JB about me always complaining.
- Went for my walk.
- JB cooked my birthday supper (Excellent ribeye steak + marinated shrimp + broccolini + sweet potatoes).

---
I need to stop complaining.

Especially about anything related to 75HARD.

JB caught me complaining about it again and decided to drop a truth bomb on me that I'm always complaining about anything and everything.

It really stung, I really did not want to hear it, but it was something I needed to hear.

It's true, I complain all the time, it makes me feel better about myself.

Really though, complaining does not accomplish anything.

It is way better to do something about it or simply don't complain about it.

Everything I am avoiding or am complaining about is an area for growth.

The more I try to avoid it, the more growth there is.

75HARD and the diet I chose is an example of this.

Yes, it's terribly hard for me, I am sometimes hungry with no options of getting a quick meal, but am I dead?

Am I going to die if I'm hungry?

No, I'm just hungry, sure it's uncomfortable, but that's really all it is. Discomfort.

And once I get over that feeling, I'm fine, I grow, I am mentally tougher.

Instead of feeling weak or cranky because I haven't eaten yet, I'm just fine with it and can move on with my day.

Moral of the story, I am here to grow as a person and instead of seeing discomforts as challenges to complain about, I can view them as fuel to my growth.

There's nothing to complain about and everything to celebrate.

Be grateful.
