---
title: 121 - Many lessons from my discussions with dad.
date: 2024-12-16
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Had a couple of work meetings.
- Prepped for tomorrow's demo.
- Went to go eat lunch with my Dad.
- Dropped it off at the airport.
- Watched a bunch of singing videos.
- Walk to the gym, went to the gym and walked back.
- Passed by the grocery store.
- Ate supper while watching Mr. Robot (this show is definitely not light hearted haha).
- Read some mangas / manhwas.
- Folded the clothes.
- Sleeping earlier today for sure.
---
It's really fun to discuss with my dad about true self and related stuff.

He's really the only other person that I can discuss with and who understands the intricacies of what I'm saying.

He also has a vast knowledge of the theory / science behind everything so he can even further my thoughts by backing them up with real stuff.

I do realize that it's essentially the only common theme we have, but it's a huge one so I'm happy about it.

By talking to him today, I learned a few more things.

About relationships:

Most relationships follow a host / parasite relationship where two people are together because one person acts as a host in one area and the other acts as a parasite in that same area. Except, both decide to stay together because they interchange the role of host/parasite in different areas.

This is related to their inner child traumas. You basically lean into another person to provide the comfort and support that your inner child needed because you are not able to provide it for yourself.

Now, what happens when one person does discover a part of their true self and is suddenly able to provide for themselves the support their inner child needs? The relationship crumbles because there's an imbalance of host/parasite.

According to him, most relationships are "unhealthy" in that way and "healthy" relationships are created between two people who know their true selves and are able to enjoy life together without having to lean on each other to support their inner child needs.

About staying in a particular mindset:

This is where mantras and affirmations and all those things come into play. Essentially, in order to stay in a mindset, we need to remind ourselves daily or multiple times a day about the mindset.

One of my biggest mistakes is that once something gets good, I stop doing the thing that made me get there. Right now, I am in a good mindset, except I won't put any effort in trying to maintain this good mindset. As a consequence, I will eventually slip and revert back to a bad mindset until something re-ignites my good mindset. This means that something I need to do RIGHT NOW, is find a mantra or a way of reminding myself daily the mindset I want to be in. This actually sounds a lot like what Tej Dosa was talking about in his copy writing course a while back.

A good example of this is praying before eating. In Christianity, we learn to pray before eating, this is a practice that allows us not only to be present 3x a day, but also be reminded of God 3x a day.

What is my practice?

About the surrender experiment:

I need to read this book.

From what he told me, this is an example of completing surrender to life and not trying to plan for it.

It's the ultimate test that proves that everything will be okay as long as you flow with life.

About the body and mind connection:

Apparently, my brother is not connected to his body enough.

He always uses his logical side of things, which is why he isn't able to unlock his true self.

I still have no understanding of how the mind and body is connected.

I think this might be an area that I must have had naturally so I spent less time thinking about it.

About core wounds:

All in all, there are really 3 major core wounds and all the others are derived from these 3.

1. I am not enough (I am not loveable is a variation of this).
2. I am not safe.
3. I am not connecting with God / the Universe / whatever higher belief.

About hope:

Last one is about hope.

This is a crucial step and there's really two kinds of hope.

The first one is hope derived from faith in something greater than ourselves aka God / the universe / the cosmos / whatever people believe in.

The second one is hope derived from confidence in ourselves that we'll be able to figure things out.

This is Marie Forleo's saying / book about "Everything is Figureoutable".

It's this self-belief that no matter what happens, we will have the ability to get through it and figure things out.

This piece about hope is important because it allows you to commit to taking action without having to think about all the uncontrollable forces and without having to overthink everything.

You cannot surrender to life if you do not have this belief.

