---
title: 120 - A day with Dad and the Family.
date: 2024-12-15
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Picked up my dad from the airport.
- Talked about my Living in Alignment theory and how it relates to real backed-up science.
- Went to go brunch at L'Oeufrier with my dad, A + N + Baby B.
- Headed over to my mom's place where we just chilled for a long time and played with Baby B.
- Helped my grandparents putting the mats on the stairs with AHS.
- Took a nap because I was tired af.
- Ate supper with the whole family.
- Exchanged a few gifts + tried out some pants I bought from Uniqlo the day prior.
- Had a long and good discussion with my Dad about life stuff.
- I am sleeping way later than expected.
---
After my talk with my dad, here are the things I realized:

I was putting an excessive amount of pressure on myself to perform well at explaining my Living in Alignment theory because  I wanted it to be the exit to my 9-5 job.

On top of that, trying a new medium was harder than I thought.

This is expected because the theory behind it is that we need theory times practice in order to create the initial skill (theory x practice = skill).

And then we need skill times practice in order to create mastery (skill x practice = mastery).

This means we need to practice twice (aka a long time) to get to mastery.

I also learned that it was okay for me to not want to do this for a living.

I might just be a serial projepreneur (project + entrepreneur) that will simply create multiple projects and put them out in the world.

As long as I stick to my vision of "my true self wants this to come out, then I need to put it out in some shape or form".

In regards to my current job, I just need to stick with it until I find something else or my true self tells me that it's time to get out of there.

I need to trust God that everything will be alright.

All is well at the moment.

My dad's theory is that we are meant to do things that will contribute to the world.

So I should focus on asking myself "what do I want to do in order to make the world a better place" or something like that.

Last thing.

A very useful exercise I did with my dad is about decision making.

Whenever you are unsure about what to do, project yourself 30 years in the future and ask yourself "what would that version of me say to the current me."

Do whatever the future version of you tells you because that's how you're going to build the future that you want to go towards.

The actions you take now, build the future you want then.

When you'll take the action, the voices in your head will still be there, but you can choose to acknowledge their presence and continue regardless.

(you can flap your arms while saying "stop doing this, stop doing this, stop doing this).

You don't need to listen to all the parts of yourself.
