---
title: 036 - Fix your mindset reminder
date: 2024-09-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Morning walk (Found myself to be quite sore).
- Zap at work, I don't remember doing much tbh.
- Ate lunch with JB and dropped her off at work.
- Caught up with OD (I don't know why I like the show, but I do !)
- Played some decent badminton with Mr. WHAAAT and Mr. FS.
- A bit of grocery shopping.
- Picked up JB from work.
- Cooked salmon and asparagus for us.
- Early sleep.
- Listening to the epic throwback video while writing this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCSe4BUp2sU

---
**Morning Walk Insights**

Take care of my body:
The first thing I noticed on my walk was that my legs were stiff as hell. If I was walking to go take the bus and I had to run to catch up to it, I'm not sure I'd be able to fully run for it.

Very different from how I used to be. Running for a bus was one of my strengths and I'd feel super proud every time I caught up.

I am now thinking of going to go see my physio and explain to him the 3 areas I want to improve while only focusing on one area at a time.

The three areas are:

1. Weak left glute. You can see the difference when I do 1 legged-RDLs.
2. Pain / Soreness in my achilles. Especially when I need to brace my weight on 1 leg, tip-toe (big steps).
3. A highly able body that can do explosive stuff when needed without having to warm up for 30 minutes (similar to supple like a leopard).


**Night thoughts**

Coming back from practice, being hungry and having no options when eating out really sucked.

I definitely got hangry today.

As soon as I ate, that feeling went away and I was just happy to be full.

I also practically finish Chop Wood, Carry Water. Apparently there's a sequel that came out this year called "Finish Empty" and I'm looking forward to read it.

This book + a few of Mo Gawdat's books.

I learned that Joshua Medcalf, the author of CWCW is actually a performance psychologist.

I've never heard the term before and don't even know if it's an actual thing; however, it's an area that interests me.

I don't remember when I wrote it, but in like 2016 or something, I wrote "Fix your mindset, it's the first step" and it still holds true.

Crazy how much wisdom I had back then haha.


