---
title: Quit, it's the right thing to do (#003)
date: 2024-08-14
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts
---

**Day:**
- Boring day at work, sales engineer might not be for me because I am unable to be authentic and tell the truth.
- Discovered 2 fire songs: For Cryin' Out Loud! by FINNEAS and Dream by Keshi.
- Went for a walk which made my sore back/hips feel 10000x better; good reminder that walking is **essential**.
- Officially became an uncle !! Congratulations again to my broski and sistah (in law).
- Little impromptu date with JB, we went to Clip n Climb, it was very fun. Scary, but fun.
- Discovered SHOP SANTE and loved it.
- Cooked salmon, string beans and pasta with rose sauce.
___  

I seriously thought about quitting work today.

I actually know the truth, the truth is that I do want to quit.

The second truth is that I'm also scared about not having money to pay off my mortgage and having to downgrade my lifestyle significantly.

The third truth is that I ultimately know I have to quit for my own well being, values and the person I want to be.

It does not make sense to stay at a job which makes me unhappy, unfulfilled and makes me feel like I'm an underachiever for not putting my all into his work.

There is nothing I would love more than to give my all to work I am passionate about.

Unfortunately, this ain't it chief.

The only belief I need is the belief that everything will be alright. If I quit, I will figure out a way to cover my expenses.

It does not serve me to ponder and ponder and ponder about what I'm going to do and, frankly, I now know myself well enough to know that no matter what backup plan I come up with, I will throw it out of the window less than 3 months in.

I just need to muster up the courage to do it.

It's crazy that my #1 concern is financial (expected), but my #2 concern is what people at my company will think.

I am literally letting people's opinions of me, stop me from helping myself and even helping them. The fact they have me as an employee is a disservice to them. Instead of me, they can have someone who is passionate about my role and who would put it 5x more work than me.

Negative energy is present in the world when people do things they are unhappy about.

Me at my current job is an example.

The more I stay, the more negative energy I create for myself, the company and the world.

It's time to take a leap of faith before I turn 30 and try to create positivity.


