---
title: 097 - A bittersweet beginning.
date: 2024-11-22
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up at JB's place.
- Had a very chill and relax day at work (finally).
- Watched a lot of youtube today (mainly music).
- JB came back with her decision.
- Relived and talked about all our good times at her place.
- Then went to my place where we talked more.
- We went to the arcade.
- We ate some poulet rouge and got bubble tea to eat back at my place.
- Dropped JB off back at her place.
- Temporary goodbye.
---
"You don't know what you have until it's gone" is such a true saying.

I guess I never really lost anything I've cherished until today.

As soon as she stated her reasons, I just accepted because it was the best for both of us.

It doesn't mean that it doesn't hurt and that it makes everything easier.

At least, I know that I agree with the decision.

It's crazy looking back at where we started and where we ended, the growth that we both in the relationship and as individuals.

I never thought I could find someone that I could wholeheartedly love so much for who they are and that inspired me to be my best self every single day.

There's also so many things I took for granted, I don't regret it as this is a painful lesson never to take things for granted and it's something I'm happy I learned now.

Spending the whole evening with her, knowing that everything was ending... was honestly bittersweet.

Another term that I've never had to use until now.

It was great, but I know it was only great because we knew that this was the last time.

There's no need to fuss, to fight, to try and think about other things.

It was the night where I just wanted to be 110% present and enjoy these moments together.

I know that my emotions and my mind are not here at all.

It's impossible to be normal after something like this.

However, I do know God has a plan for us.

A part of me does believe in the comeback story, but it's entirely up to God.

I literally cannot do anything about it and I just need to let time flow.

I do have lots of things coming up and, in a weird way, this truly made me understand the things I value vs the things I don't.

It's not the exactly the same as someone dying, but I am getting the same feeling as when someone does.

The loss of something extremely valuable, that I cherished so much, made me see more clearly.

I know that badminton is something I no longer want, I want to start my coaching practice, I want to learn to sing and dance, I want to spend time with friends & loved ones, I want to pursue fitness like strength training, cardio (running) and stuff like that.

I'm excited about what's about to come next. Nich 2.0.

I'm just sad that this new beginning had to be so bittersweet.

But still, I have to give credit where it's due.

I could not have reached this moment without this amazing relationship and the amazing time I spent with JB.

So thank you JB, for being with me, for loving me for who I am, for letting me explore myself in this relationship, for always being so understanding and wanting the best for me, for being so kind and loving towards me and, ultimately, being an amazing partner.

If we are ever meant to be back together, I will definitely never stop dating you. That's a lesson I'll bring in my next relationship no matter who it is.

Thank you again, I love you from the bottom of my heart and I hope you find yourself and that God will have great plans for you.

Goodbye JB... for now.
