---
title: 083 - CARPE DIEM
date: 2024-11-08
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Had one last talk with my previous manager, I wish him happiness and a nice sabbatical.
- Had a very weird demo this morning.
- Dropped JB off at work.
- Ate lunch (air fried chicken is so good !)
- Went for a walk.
- Watched a lot of Lincoln Lawyer.
- Power yoga session.
- Cooked myself some quick pasta for supper and lunch tomorrow.
- Picked up JB from work.
- Finished up the night by watching one episode of LL (only one ep left !).
---
I know what I want to do.

I wrote it multiple times already and I've said it multiple times in the past.

I know and, honestly, this might be another case of this.

The feeling is different though.

It's the realization that no matter what will happen, the only reason why I'll go back to a "normal" job is to get enough money to try again.

*JB taking overrr and typing for her boyfriiiend - hehehe - while boo boos is thinking* 

Making decisions that do not conform to the societal expected paths can be challenging, especially when there are no specific guidelines as to how to live life beyond the 9-5. I think that is why my boyfriend has wrote and said countless times to himself that he knows what he wants to do and what he needs to do, but is still stuck in this vicious cycle. It's not that he's not trying to do anything about it, trust me, I know he tries, but there are so many things to take into considerations before taking certain risks in life (family, expenses, mental health, etc.). As of right now, I believe that there are 2 types of risks: (1) the ones that set you free and (2) those that put you a worse position. 

Obviously, everybody wants to reap the benefits of risk 1 and nobody wants risk 2, but what if I told you that risk 2 can propel you further than risk 1 or that sometimes, you must take risk 2 in order to achieve risk 1? Many individual, such as myself and boo boos want to take risks, but we are afraid of risk 2 and it's a fair reason. Imagine investing all of your money into a business you strongly believed in, but it fails and it gets you into greater debt than the first position that you were in. Doesn't sound like a wise risk, wouldn't you agree? 

But what if, just what if, the distance between risk 1 and risk 2 is determination? Determination that no matter what happens, you know you will make it happen, that no matter how gravely you fall, you will continue to stand back up, that no matter how much you fail, you know that one day you will succeed and you will make it happen because you *are* determined to? What if that's the difference between risk 1 and 2? 

So if we go back to my example with the failing business that put you even more in debt, imagine if at that moment, one of the lowest of your life - you're touching rock bottom at that point - is the moment you needed the most to get back up and make up all that money you lost all over again and MORE? I've heard people say, "once you've hit rock bottom, you can only go up from there".

What I'm trying to highlight tonight is that many people wants to live the life outside of the regular 9-5, but they don't know how to do it. It's fine to take the time to figure it out, but don't take too much of it or think that you have all the time in the world, because you never know when today will be your last day. You don't want it to be too late before you realize that you haven't done anything with your life or with yourself. So please, boo boos and to anyone else out there reading this, take risks and trust yourself. You know that the 9-5 is not a sustainable way to live life for yourself. It's not living life, period. Take every day as an opportunity to do something "risky" that will contribute to a better life. Who knows where you might end up? 

We'll see on you the other side. 

Goodnight! 

*JB out* 
