---
title: 110 - In my feels type of day.
date: 2024-12-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I gave a great demo today.
- Little karaoke session even though my throat wasn't feeling great.
- Finished Cross during lunch.
- Took a much needed nap (an hour and a half haha).
- Headed to the event "parcours atypiques" by JPMtl.
- Had some really interesting conversations there.
- Listening to ROSÉ's new album at the moment.
---
Interesting day.

I felt way more tired than usual and sure enough, after taking a long nap, I felt great.

Lack of sleep can definitely creep up.

I feel like because I'm still processing my break up, I want to stay up later to be "in my feels".

On the walk back from the event, I couldn't help thinking about the relationship and it felt bittersweet.

On one end, I didn't want to think about it as it stung, but on the other end, it brought me happiness reliving the small moments and thinking about our companionship.

We didn't really have a period apart for the two years and JB was with me in so many of my life defining moments.

When I first moved out from my mom's place.

When I moved out alone for the first time.

When I bought my own place.

She was always the rock and the constant that was there for me every time.

Whether it be the lows or the highs.

Life just doesn't feel the same and I guess that's why heartbreak is so painful.

I'm really excited about what's going to come in my life, but I also feel like I need to first fully embrace this breakup in a sense?

I won't be able to fully feel my highs if I don't process it.

It's interesting that one of my coping mechanisms is helping people.

I've been catching myself recently trying to steer the convo into help and I think I do it to make myself feel better.

Like I'm making a different in someone's life so I'm adding positive emotions to my life.

Although all the adding in the world will never remove the negatives.

Or maybe I'm overthinking.

Today was just a harder day emotionally I guess.
