---
title: 041 - Yoga is fun.
date: 2024-09-25
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Today, was one of those days where even if I slept 8 hours, I felt the sludge.
- Went for a morning walk though.
- Thought again about starting a podcast.
- I am happy that even though I did not work much during actual work hours, I got all my work done by doing like 2 2-hours session throughout the day.
- I was feeling like sh*t so I decided to do a power yoga session and it was awesome !!
- Cooked some freestyle spaghetti sauce that was pretty good.
- Fire alarm went off in my building.
- Watched Pop Star Academy Ep.3 with JB (I love these types of documentary / content).
- Worked a bit at night.

---
Today was a busted day.

I had no real motivation and found myself scrolling more, watching more lifestyle content, etc.

On my walk though, I really considered podcasting again.

I'd like to interviewing people who have like small businesses that make enough to be financially stable, but also have good friendships and stuff (Atelier Fraise is a good example of this).

I think I'd vibe well with the people I interview and would be able to ask interesting questions; creating an overall good ass podcast.

We'll see.

The other thing I want to say is yoga is fun !

I did a power yoga session today (on YouTube) and it was so fun, hard and satisfying at the same time.

It's obviously different from hitting the gym and getting yolked.

I can't find the exact words to describe it.

It just feels like a more "natural" way of getting stronger.

Not only physically, but mentally and spiritually all at the same time.

More more more.
