---
title: 075 - I want to rewrite the ending of my story.
date: 2024-10-31
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up to a beautiful morning next to JB.
- Work happened.
- I went on a beautiful walk (I listened to music and was able to figure some things out).
- Listened to a fantastic podcast episode with Jesse Itzler
- MBPC practice (I still got my singles going and I hit with less effort now imo).
- Plan on finishing all my 75HARD things before picking up JB.
- Will pickup JB from the metro.
- JB is sleeping over tonight.
---
My ego got bruised today.

My old team went through a bunch of promotions and some people who joined after me got promoted to a really nice title.

At first I felt jealousy as I thought I would have deserved the promotion instead of them had I stayed on the team.

The reality is that I did not work as hard, I did not deserve that promotion, I am no longer in that team and I wouldn't really want that promotion.

I'm not trying to rationalize, it's the truth.

I thought hard on my walk about how I would feel if I got a promotion and not just any promotion, a big promotion about 3 levels above my current position and I didn't feel joy.

I felt happy about two things mainly.

One, the salary increase that would come with it.

Two, the possibility of joining another company with that title.

It had nothing to do with the position, the responsibilities nor the work I would be doing.

I concluded that this environment is not for me.

I've been feeling bad for myself for the past week as I'm seeing people give a lot of effort at the company and, as the good company this is, they're being rewarded for their hard work as should be.

All the while, I'm simply cruising by, getting my work done, but nothing more.

It just leaves me feeling bad.

And that's when I learned something else about myself.

I want my life and work to be intertwined and closely related.

I don't want to have a separate between work and life or even "clock-out" at the end of the day and not think about work.

I want to do something that I can do 24/7. With some breaks, of course.

I have enough conviction today and belief that I want to quit and try to live a life I love.

Jesse Itzler's life is awesome and I want to mimic it.

I spent most of my life putting money first and living life second.

I am wondering what it would look like to put living an awesome life first and then worrying about money as the second option.

I want to implement doing a misogi.

I want to implement doing mini adventures.

I want to plan out my dates with JB in advance as well as trips or any important event related to someone I cherish.

I think the death of my ego is necessary, being able to be ridiculed and be okay with it.

I would like to see what an awesome life looks like and see if I'm able to make it come true.

I am worried about whether or not I'll be able to work hard enough.

I do know that I'll require extreme self-belief.

I'm thinking of documenting the whole journey to really inspire and build a platform for myself.

I can't believe I've spent so much time living life on auto-pilot, not thinking about how I wanted to live and what would make an awesome life for myself.

I've put everyone's expectations before my own.

I want to change this.

I’ve never heard of someone like me do this.

Someone who lived a super normal life, who kept thinking about doing things, but never doing them and then, one day, just doing a 360 going for me.

There’s a first time for everything.

I want my life to have so many amazing stories, not just “I spent 10 years working at jobs I didn’t like in order to get money and live comfortably.”

I do not want that for myself, maybe other people want exactly this.

I am not one of them.

I know I want more out of life.

When I’m 90 years old, I want to look back on my life and be happy, proud of what I’ve done with it.

I need to start planning for this and by “plan” I simply mean know what I want to do.

Exactly how I want to live my life, the experiences I want to have, what I'm willing vs not willing to sacrifice and also how I’ll go about it.

Let’s get it.
