---
title: 116 - Started to live more and more in alignment.
date: 2024-12-11
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Today was a BUSY day at work. Really worked the whole day.
- Had some alignment meetings in the morning.
- Worked on prepping the demo for an important customer.
- Bombed the demo. It was terrible. I am grateful for it though because I learned that I no longer confuse my worth with my performance at work.
- Went to Best Buy to purchase the philips body groomer 7000 (let's gooooo).
- Ate supper while watching Walter Mitty (so far it's pretty average haha).
- Recorded my third video "How to overcome procrastination".
- Had a great great session at the gym (it was a blast and much needed).
- Finished editing the video and posted it.
- Might go trim or go to the sleep early.
---
Today was a whole mood.

The work portion of it started out great, then it went stressful and it finished pretty horribly.

I had not been this embarrassed in a while to be honest.

But it's okay because I overcame it and I'm good now.

The second half of my day aka after work was A-MAZING.

Buying the body groomer, recording the video, going to the gym, editing the video.

All these were things I genuinely wanted to do and it's just so different energy wise when a part of your day is aligned with who you are as a person.

I'm looking forward to the day where my whole day is aligned.

For now, I still stay grinding at this job.

I also had a small moment of doubt on whether or not I should continue with this format of video. Short form.

Part of me really wants to make long-form, but after my gym session, I was able to relax and enjoyed the process of editing a small video.

I think my goal will be to stick to this format for a fixed number of days / months before re-evaluating.

It's a matter of "how concise can I be with my words".
