---
title: 007 - I am still scared, it's fine
date: 2024-08-18
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---

**Day:**  

- Excellent MBPC practice (starting to hit my shots higher)
- JB cooked some good lunch for me (pork brochette + zucchini invention + rice)
- Worked a little bit on my workshop (writing the copy for it is harder than I thought, need to remember to take action and iterate instead of wanting perfect from the get-go)
- Ate supper at my mom's (good discussion about family)
- JB practiced driving
- I'm sleeping over and getting ready for the next day
___  

Holyfuuuuuuck am I tired with my thoughts.

I tried writing the description of my workshop today and only managed to write about 300 words.

I had this epic idea of writing a landing page / sales letter text in the description and instead of making this a reality, I simply stared way too long at my screen.

Why is that?

Because I was scared, that's why !

Actually, scratch that, I am still scared.

I am scared that I'll publish the event and absolutely no one will attend it. (except for Danny)

That caused me to get writer's block.

In order to make sure that people come, I put the pressure on myself to write the perfect freaking description and because I obviously am not the Mozart of writing event descriptions, I couldn't write shit !

Every time I thought about something, my head would immediately block it off and say "no, that's not good enough ! People won't come with just this".

And that is totally the wrong approach and against how I want to live and what I want to teach.

The event should be an expression of being my authentic self and my authentic self is having fun while teacher others about the joys and benefits of living a life more aligned with our true selves.

I am confident if I just manage to think, meditate, visualize the state I am in when I operate from my true self, I will write beautifully.

It won't be a sales-y, pitch-y text. Instead, it'll be more like art.

Something that can be felt with their soul, not with their head.

I am grateful today happened. It's a good reminder of how I want to live and a good reminder to take action and iterate instead of overthinking and trying to make things perfect.

I am confident in my path, I just need to be consistent enough to see it through.





