---
title: 069 - It's nice to be bored.
date: 2024-10-25
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up at JB's place.
- Very very relaxing day at work, didn't do much.
- Took a wonderful wonderful walk on this beautiful day with JB.
- Watched an episode of LL while eating lunch.
- Went to go see Lai for physio services.
- Made myself some chicken breast with roasted potatoes and broccolini.
- Watched an episode of LL while having supper.
- One of those relaxing days today, JB is also sleeping over because she has a tournament tomorrow.
- Will most likely do yoga or walk again for my 2nd workout.
---
I felt very bored today.

It was a feeling I had forgotten and it felt great haha.

I decided that I'm not going to complain about this.

Being bored is a great great privilege.

I've been so busy since starting 75HARD that every day was just a constant rush of doing one thing after the other until the day was over and it was time to go to sleep.

So when I was welcomed today with a gracious 4-5 hours of nothingness, I felt quite uneasy at first, I judged it.

Thought that maybe I should do something productive with my time.

Maybe start writing about H(by).

I did none of that. I stopped myself and my thoughts.

This is the first time since August 31st that I'm just chilling.

Let me enjoy it because I don't know when's the next time I'll be able to have a chill day like this.

While I'm in the process of changing myself and the way I think, I realize that everything is about perspective and how you see things.

My old thought pattern would have been to beat myself up mentally, try to do something productive, complain about being bored and not feel happy.

But this is a choice I am making.

I am choosing to see this negative perspective.

Instead, today, I try and see the positive perspective of everything, including my boredom.

I believe that this reframing of any situation is a skill that can be learn and should be learn for everyone who wants to be happy.

It is making a difference for me for sure !
