---
title: 039 - Happy is a choice.
date: 2024-09-23
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up earlier for nothing again (demo got canceled).
- Worked on a few demos today.
- Played badminton with Mr. FS, Mr. Whaaat and Mr. NYC.
- Ate a fat supper.
- Went for a walk.
- Sleeping over at JB's house.

---
Today was the third day in 4 days that I felt exhausted and unhappy.

It made it worse knowing that I shouldn't be feeling this way.

I caught myself though and turned that sh*t around.

Sometimes, being happy really is a **choice**.

I was constantly thinking about everything negative going on and the reality is that something like 95% of my life is going great, yet, I decided to focus on the 5%.

There will always be things that are not well, there will always be things that are well.

Happiness is about whether you think about the latter instead of the former.

I also made the realization that I want to be a good locker room guy.

Not only in the "locker room" though, I want to be that guy everywhere.

That is who I was originally designed to be.

Someone who is just great to have around.

Positive vibes, great energy, mentally tough.

I have a feeling that everything will be all right if I focus on being like that.

I don't need to be the "number one", I love adding energy to a place.

I don't need to "try and sound smart", I simply need to bring positive energy and give my genuine thoughts.

It was who I used to be before life became serious, I had many acquaintances because people liked being around me.

Then, life got serious and I had to start thinking about how I wanted to live life and all that jazz.

Be dope and life will be dope. It's as simple as that. 
