---
title: 050 - More lessons from 75HARD.
date: 2024-10-04
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up at JB's.
- Super relaxing day at work.
- Nice catch up call with Mr. PDS.
- Took a quick power nap.
- Badminton at Marianopolis (good singles movements).
- Picked up my strung racket.
- Started listening to Dr. K on the Mel Robbins Podcast (Sept 2nd episode).
- Cooked myself the most random, filling meal I can think of and it tasted good ! (zucchini + bell peppers + onions + tuna + eggs in a tomato sauce with various spices).
- Started watching Culinary Class Wars !! (Addicted)
---
Short and sweet today.

I missed having an evening / night where I'm just a couch potato and watch something entertaining.

I also learned something new by listening to the podcast.

The goal is not to find more motivation or to get motived, it is instead to take action regardless of your motivation level.

It is a matter of practice and I think this is something I am learning + practicing while doing 75HARD.

Regardless of my motivations or even if I don't feel like doing something, I still have to do it.

Like right now, I want to go to sleep, I don't want to read... but guess what?

I'm still going to go read.

This "muscle" that gets practice over and over again translates to everything I do.

This also works with restraining myself.

No matter what food craving I currently have, I am actively practicing not caving into my cravings.

This is most likely the same muscle that stops people from getting addicted.

Very interesting how 75HARD has many many hidden benefits.
