---
title: 032 - The importance of sleep, and badminton update
date: 2024-09-12
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Forgot to mention that yesterday, I went to the garage to get my car fixed. Something about a top plate.
- Headed straight into work this morning, I felt pretty good, probably because I rested well.
- Had a bunch of meetings and I noticed while explaining things that I'm good at verbal communication compared to the average tech person.
- Accompanied JB to the metro and went for my walk at the same time.
- Caught up to Occupation Double while eating lunch.
- I gave a great demo to the trainee about how to deploy our chat widget.
- Left early to attend badminton practice, it was good, I still somehow was good in singles (I have no idea how).
- Ate supper when I came home while watching part of a netflix show called Outlast (Season 2).
- Cooked mediterranean spaghetti (definitely overcooked the noodles) + greek salad for the upcoming tournament (sherbrooke)

---
This is going to be a quick one because I am exhausted and need to sleep early to play well tomorrow.

I felt wayy better today and as I mention in my previous posts, my mental headaches had to do with having too many priorities competing for my mental space.

Definitely lack of sleep also.

Out of all the things going on in my life, the one that I think I won't regret doing and will definitely regret if I don't give it my all is my badminton career.

I definitely want to pursue business or content creation eventually; however, training badminton 4 times a week + tournaments is taking a lot of time.

At this stage, I feel the need to choose between badminton and my creation pursuit / outlet.

In this case, I will choose badminton.

I think I'm going to give myself 2 more years and my whole goal is to try to get to A Elite level. I feel it's a worthy goal and if I do get it, I'll be very satisfied with my badminton career.

After that, I'll be able to transition to simply going to the gym and running to stay in shape and look good while pursuing my next career move.

That's my thought process at the moment.

I'm also thinking of maybe documenting the journey, but it adds extra time so undecided about that yet.
