---
title: 081 - The importance of self-reliance.
date: 2024-11-06
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Trump won the election.
- Work day was boring, except after lunch where I worked on some code way more than I planned to.
- Took a nice stroll in this beautiful weather.
- Daily ritual of eating + LL.
- As I said, worked until 7pm (coding is fun in small quantities and for a short period of time).
- Went to do a bit of grocery shopping.
- Cooked myself a chatgpt generated turkey stir-fry (not a lot of flavour, but very nutritious).
- Slugged my way through a yin yoga session.
---
Today's post is on self-reliance / independence and the importance it has in thriving as individuals and as a society.

I thought hard today about why our society, especially in the west, has become "weak".

Why have we become so intolerant and why do we always tend to choose the easy way out.

The answer I thought about was our ability to be self-reliant / independent.

The sooner we learn independence, the better off we usually are.

It's this feeling of "no one is going to come save me so I must save myself".

Man, I really want to write a better text about this as I find this so important, but I can't seem to find the appropriate words for it.

Okay, I first started thinking about social justice warriors right?

I asked myself "why are they like that, so intolerant and blame everything on everything except themselves"

It's because it's easy, it does not require any effort on their part.

If the problem is external and it's "the world's" fault, then they don't have to do anything.

Which is why echo chambers are created.

Associating with other people who believe in that same thought encourages them not to take action.

So all they do (and can do from their perspective) is complain about how everything is unfair.

Now, on the flip side, someone who has learned early on that we all need to take responsibility in our lives will not think like that.

They will understand that, yes, the world might be f*cked; however, there are probably things that are in their control that they can take action on in order to improve their lives.

And it's this exact difference in mentality that makes a thriving society vs a non-thriving one.

If everyone focused on things they can control and took action, then society would be better.

Furthermore, I realized that this problem actually occurs way sooner than I thought.

It comes all the way from our parents and how they raise us.

If we're raised by parents that always save us and take care of us until our mid 20s or 30s, I believe we are more likely to become like those social justice warriors.

It's also the lesson that kids will learn by parents who save them from the principal in elementary school.

"Even if I mess up real bad at school, someone is going to save me."

That is why, I now have changed my perspective that letting your kids live on their own earlier might have it's advantages.

When you live alone, you learn through cleaning, cooking, fixing things, doing chores that "if I'm not going to do it, then no one else is going to."

And the more we become self-reliant / independent, the less prone we are to complain and expect the world to change for us.

Okay, so I'm not sure if this post was really clear, it's the best I could do at 1am.

Moral of the story, give your kids responsibility early on if you don't want them to become annoying SJWs.

Last note: Too much self-reliance is also not good. We see this a lot in immigrant mentality, where they tend to not accept help from anyone and insists on doing everything themselves. As with everything in life, a balance is required and asking for help is definitely needed and appreciated for certain stuff in life.
