---
title: 072 - My first long form post is in the making.
date: 2024-10-28
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- New guy started at work.
- Demoes went well. Got into a bit of a pickle with different priorities at the company.
- Officially learned that I won't be going to Asia this year.
- Started looking at used stoves.
- Had a call with my CEO about the pickle I was in. It was a nice call.
- Went for a walk.
- Spent a bit of time with JB.
- Listened to MFM's episode with Mike Posner (such a treat).
- Went to badminton (need to work on finger and wrist power, also setting intentions when doing drills).
- Band of Brothers is finally starting to get really interesting.
---
Overall, decent day, I wasn't too sure about wanting to stay in the commercial team because it clashes with some of my values, but the CEO reassured me that I did the right thing and helped me find a mutually beneficial solution.

I'll only be writing a bit here because I started working a long-form post called "THE GREATEST ADVICE EVER FOR YOUR EARLY 20s".

I will be posting it by the end of the week hopefully.

2 gems I got from the Mike Posner podcast:

1. Whenever you want to write and don't know what to write about, just start by writing 1 truth.
2. When having a bad day, ask yourself "what would it take to make this a great day"

Also, I realized while playing badminton that one of the biggest indications of passion is how often do you think about it.

Yuan and Steven constantly think about badminton, how to improve, how to get better, stronger, etc.

I noticed that although I do not do this with badminton, I do do it with living happier lives.

Just a small thought.
