---
title: 002 - Bias to action and workshop
date: 2024-08-13
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts
---

**Day:**
- Tired again.
- Felt a bit more motivated to work and got a bit of it done, but I'm still in a work rut.
- Went for a marvellous walk during lunchtime where I thought more about becoming an influencer and what would that entail.
- Over thought a little bit about what should I do with my life, what do I think is play aka effortless, etc.
- Rage room with Mr. PDS (it was alright, would not recommend because the environment is too controlled 5/10).
- MBPC Practice (good practice, need to improve on my backcourt forehand cross and backcourt overhead straight smash).
- Listened to Diary of a CEO with Codie Sanchez (big concepts to remember is bias to action and what are you obsessed about)
- Treated myself to some poulet rougeeee.
- Wrote an article / blog about having bias to action.
- Slept later than I wished (currently 12:30)
___  

While listening to the Diary of a CEO episode with Codie Sanchez, I realized that the most important thing when consuming content is simply remembering and actioning 1-2 concepts. That is all.

It's impossible to recall every single piece of advice; however, if there's 1 that sticks with you, that is the aim.

I also thought of making doing some sort of newsletter series about this. Where I listen to podcasts or videos and write an essay about 1 big important concept that struck my chord.

The other thing that caught my brain during the podcast is this concept of obsession. Find what you are obsessed about.

I noticed that every time I consume anything, the one thing I always look for is advice / tips on how to live a better life. It's truly one thing I am absolutely obsessed about.

Finally, I wrote a whole ass article about having bias to action and it gave me an excellent idea for my workshop / seminar.

What about a workshop on applying the action-iteration approach on how to find your passion / obsession / what you want to do with your life (gosh that's such a long sentence).

It'll have all the elements, story-telling, theory behind why I think action-iteration approach is a cheat code of life (especially for smart / overthinking people) and, at the end, the workshop element is to create an IRL Call-To-Action by having people write down 1 thing they're supposed to action on.

I thought about maybe putting every one in a group chat or fb group where they each post what they should do and see if they follow through.

The last idea I had was possibly making this recurring on a weekly basis, we meet once a week, for 2 hours, and we discuss about if we took action or not, if someone didn't I can dive deeper into WHY they didn't take action and people can learn from it.

Similar to Alcohol Anonymous.
