---
title: 001 - Reminder of my goals
date: 2024-08-12
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts
---

**Day:**
- Tired
- Not motivated to work
- Wonderful having JB over
- Off-court workout that was cut short + got ice cream
- Came home, JB complemented me on my singing of Confirmation by Biebs
- Bought some ice cream for JB
___

After coming back from an amazing camping trip, it felt so bad working my job.

Camping was pure outdoors, bonding with friends, being active, no screen-time, being in nature.

My job is 100% indoors, looking at a screen, talking to my coworkers through a screen, no movement, being on the computer all day.

I haven't figured out how I want to add value to the world yet, which is what will pay me money.

However, I'm massively certain of the lifestyle I want so that I can be happy and my best self.

It's not a very complicated list:
1. Physical activity: I want to be able to workout every single day, be athlete and have a healthy body.
2. Movement: Without counting the workout, I want to achieve 10k steps just by living; without having to consciously do steps.
3. Reading: I love reading and have not found a way to integrate it fully into my routine yet. I used to love taking public transit for this reason. Consuming knowledge and learning in an offline, focused manner resonates with me.
4. Writing: Starting with this very first post, writing is my medium of choice to organize my thoughts and to share them also.
5. Proper Nutrition: I am so far off right now because I still rely heavily on my mom's cooking. I want to reach a state where I can eat healthy 95% of the time.
6. Surrounded by like-minded people: This is a big big big one. I love Montreal and I think it really has the potential to be a California or an Austin in terms of health, fitness, lifestyle, self-development. I will become someone who attracts that core community I am looking for, I cannot be the only one in the city who wants a different life.
7. Aligned work: I tried 4 different corporate jobs and none of them were fulfilling. I even achieved my salary goal 3 years earlier than I thought and that didn't change much. In order for me to be my best self, I know that I need to work with people. In what capacity, I am not sure yet. I believe there are a lot of unhappy people that do not need to be (myself included) and I'd love to play a part in helping those people. Teacher? Coach? Influencer?

Every day, I need to remember that the above is my goal.

Everything else is noise from external pressures.

Luckily, I realized as I typed this out that I can start a few of my ultimate goals TODAY.

Let's get the party started.

