---
title: 096 - Err on the side of discomfort.
date: 2024-11-21
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Clutched the second demo for a customer.
- Met a new work colleague.
- Did a bit of solutions engineer work (I do like working on many different things at once).
- Took it very relax as per my post 75hard break.
- Went to the gym with JB to work on my gluteus medius and cardio.
- Had an interesting and rocky conversation with JB.
- Ate supper.
- Searched for some more stoves.
- Sleeping over at JB's place.
---
Comfort is a slow killer.

I haven't decided yet if comfort is something to avoid completely or not.

For now, I just know that it's a pervasive poison that can be found in any and every area of our lives.

If we're not careful, it can have unwanted effects.

In my own life, I'm very prone to comfort.

It's the reason why I started 75HARD actually.

When we're comfortable for too long, we tend to side with inaction, the enemy of progress.

This is not to be confused with rest.

Rest is crucial and should be carefully planned as burnout, depression or overexerting ourselves is also an enemy to progress.

I am talking about comfort. When things are going well, we suddenly decide to coast.

We stop doing the things that got us here in the first place.

In some sense, comfort is not staying neutral, it's even taking a step back from where you currently are.

That's why in the vision I have for myself, I will put in place some plans, habits, calendar events to make sure I do not get too comfortable.

Whether it be misogis, planning new adventures, doing new things or even planning dates with JB.

I believe it's better to err on the side of discomfort even suffer a little every single day instead of erring on the side of comfort and realize much too late that we've be stagnant.
