---
title: 048 - I love listening to Dr. K.
date: 2024-10-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Great day at work. Good demo. Helped the team. Learned a bit more about the company.
- Went for a walk.
- Watched Matt Choi's Leadville 100 video and it was inspiring as f*ck.
- Did a little bit of groceries and bought myself 2 packs of healthy "instant noodles" (YES ! All clean ingredients that are acceptable in my diet. Haven't tried them yet so cannot talk about the taste).
- Bought some short grain brown rice (looking forward to trying more rice - black rice and jade rice and purple rice).
- Cooked myself some chicken breasts.
- Played badminton MX practice (I played well, I was really calm, relax, simply focus on the play and the shots I wanted to make instead of anything else).
- Finished the latest Diary of a CEO episode with Dr. K (it was soooooo good).
---
Today, I thought about going back to school to become a psychologist.

The knowledge that Dr. K has is so fascinating to me.

The thing is that I don't actually want to become a psychologist, I simply want more knowledge and, ultimately, I want to be able to help people.

Is it wise for me to spend 6-9 years of my life studying to become a psychologist when that is not the true goal?

I do not think so.

Instead, I can start with the knowledge I currently have to help the people I can help now while increasing my knowledge on the subject at the same time.

I will re-listen to the podcast tomorrow and take notes to share them with my IG friends.

I actually don't know if people read them or whatnot, but if it can help 1 person realize something or learn something, I think it's worth it.

It's also worth it for me to better retain information and solidify my understanding of the concepts.

I'm excited.

All the thoughts I've been having lately revolve around the same subject, the same space.

There's an idea brewing in the back of my mind and, for now, I'm not sure where all this is leading or pointing to, but I know that with enough time, it'll all converge into a single point.

Fun fun fun.
