---
title: 021 - Boston and Isabella
date: 2024-09-01
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Drove to Boston.
- Struggle city with food today.
- Met Isabella in person (she's soooo cute).
- Went for a 45 mins walk (walked pretty fast, being surrounded by young people is actually hella cool)
- Went to Super 88 Market and Whole Foods (Lack of food definitely affects my mood and I guess lack of sleep doesn't help either)
- Ate supper with the brother, his wife and my mom.
- Gym at the hotel (honestly, most well-equipped to space ratio ever. They even have incline things to do the ATG program).
---
I can confidently say that I SURVIVED the second day of 75 hard.

I still have my 10 pages of reading, but I'm 1000% sure I'll get it done before sleeping.

The hardest part of this challenge is definitely the diet for me.

I decided this morning to go with the mediterranean diet and holy shit, there are sooo many things that are processed in the grocery stores.

It's literally giving me anxiety.

I was starving myself until 8pm. I ate 1 chicken and pesto sandwich with 2 high-quality jerkies before that and that's it.

For people who know me, they know that it is not a lot. I usually eat 3 full sized meals.

It definitely was one of the worst times to start this challenge, but you know what that means?

It'll only get easier from here (after this week... hopefully).

I'm interested to see how much my routine will change when I get back or how long it'll take me to get in a rhythm. I literally have no time for anything else at the moment.

I was supposed to finalize my event this week and post it on IG...

I'm still left with the first version.

Honestly, there's a big part of me that just wants to say f**k it and drop the whole event.

It's no longer aligned with what I want to do; however, just like 75 hard, there's another part of me that just wants to do it, to do it.

Screw everything else, I said I'll do the event so let me do it type of thing.

I'll make more time for it tomorrow.

In other great news, I finally met my niece in person and she is ADOOOOORABLE.

I've never seen such a tiny human.

I'm also very scared of handling her and breaking something.

It; however, gave me a tiny little glimpse of being a dad and... I'm looking forward to it !

Alright, that's it for today. Good job myself for completing day 2 even with all the challenges.
