---
title: 018 - Push vs Relax
date: 2024-08-29
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Excited to start my next chapter at work !
- This is officially my "last day" as an SE (it was a really good experience, just not for me).
- Caught up with the SSENSE gang at Blandino
- Started watching Pop Star Academy: KATSEYE with JB.
- Going through memory lane with my photos.
---
I always have a hard time knowing when to let up vs when to push through.

I was supposed to go to the gym today, but because my supper with the ex-ssense gang went longer, I decided not to go to the gym.

I know I could have gone afterwards like at 9:30pm onwards if I really had to.

I guess this is the difference between committing 100% vs simply just trying my best to do something.

In a challenge like 75HARD, I probably would have gone to the gym after getting back to JB's house.

The fear behind it is going easy on myself too much and simply staying stagnant.

Going through memory lane, I saw that I kept a record of a few videos where I was talking to myself and... the content really has not changed much.

And that scares me a little bit.

It means that I have not made progress in that particular area for the past 2-3 years at least.

Watching the show pop star academy, where the trainees go through dedicated, rigorous training for 1 year really got me thinking about "what would it look like for me to dedicate 1 year almost full time to something?"

"Where would I be in a year?"

"What would I want to do for that year?"

So many questions, so little time to think about them.

Goodnight.
