---
title: 043 - A normal good day.
date: 2024-09-27
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Pretty relaxed day at work. Did not do much except work on small tasks.
- Long overdue catchup call with Alex.
- Went for my walk at the same time.
- No good new music so far.
- Got a haircut (feels real nice).
- Ate out at Mandys !!! (My first eating out in a minute).
- Played badminton at NDC (wow, haven't played some hard singles like this in a while).
- Picked JB up from work and sleeping over today.
---
3 things for today:

One - 10M question
I thought about it a bit more today.

I don't think I found a lot of answers yet.

My mind did wander into solving the problems of the world.

Or more simply put: how would I make the world better.

It came down to changing the people. I think in terms of personalities and mental mindset, the world is definitely worse than before.

Teaching? Or apps that will give challenges to grow? Not sure yet.

Two - Haircut feels nice
I want to cut my hair more often.

Just gives that extra extra on my looks when my hair is well done.

Three - Badminton related
I think there are a lot of benefits to playing hard singles when all I do is focus on winning.

Not the time to think about my technique or whatnot, simply focus on the strategy and what's the best shot I can do in that moment.

The other thing I discovered today is I think one of the secrets of badminton is how elastic your body needs to be.

The more elastic it is, the easier it is for you to generate power and explosiveness.

I think training in pure gym is probably not the right way to train, but rather to train strength in long ranges of motion.

Like if you can crank your body quickly and then snap it super quick, it'll have positive effects on the strength generated.

I'd like to do more research on this.
