---
title: 054 - A brain dump.
date: 2024-10-08
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- A LOT of things happening at work. I need to start working working tomorrow.
- I spent some wonderful time with JB, it was really nice seeing her 4 days in a row, but I can't wait for some nice relaxing time with her after my challenge.
- I ate some bomb ass shrimp for lunch (new recipe by my mom, asked her for the recipe of course).
- MBPC practice (I was feeling a bit sick so it wasn't the most intense practice from me, but it was good).
- I relaxed by eating supper (some goood chicken) and watching OD for 2 hours.
- Did everything I needed to do so that I can sleep early today and recover.
---
I'm going to do a brain dump.

Weird last few days, I definitely feel like I was either extremely exhausted or I was starting to get sick.

As I said yesterday, 75HARD was starting to become really hard and I didn't feel as motivated.

Today though, I do think I'm feeling better, I drank some asian medicine and that seemed to help.

My neck is also feeling much much better. I'll still be cautious around my neck movements and how I work, but it feels good to not have to constantly stretch it.

I'm starting to love my condo more and more, maybe I finally settle-in and feel like this is my home.

Work is crazy right now, I feel like a lot of motion is going on especially in my previous team.

In the next 3 months, I think things will look very different. Either in a positive or negative way.

I would really really love to be a part of having these important discussions and trying to get it to a better place; however, I also know I am no longer part of that team and now have a new team with my own responsibilities.

I'm still very excited to start my new chapter: HAPPIER (by you).

I barely had time to think about it recently, but it's still there in my subconscious.

In fact, this past week or even 2 weeks, my thoughts have been weirdly empty?

Even when I drive, I sometimes don't listen to music nor podcasts and I just... drive?

I'm not sure if I'm losing my capacity to focus on a thought or create coherent thoughts

OR

maybe this is how normal people operate in the moment.

Not thinking about anything else, just doing the motions and keeping focus on the present.

I haven't had super negative thoughts in a while so that's a good sign.

Alright, that's it ! Peace.
