---
title: 087 - NYC Day 1, I love traveling.
date: 2024-11-12
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Worked hard this morning to get a demo working.
- Ate quickly while working.
- Finished packing my things for my short worktrip.
- Headed to the airport (thought I was tight on time, but arrived super early).
- Took a walk in the airport (I did the US terminal back and forth 5 times to get 45 minutes in).
- Landed in NYC and checked into a very nice, small, cozy hotel.
- Worked again as soon as I got to the hotel.
- Ate some yummy, magnificent CAVA (I looooooove the US for having so many healthy fast food spots).
- Did a bit of grocery at whole foods (accidentally bought some freaking expensive but delicious blueberries).
- Took my final walk in the cold NYC weather (why is it colder here than in MTL...).
- Going to relax a bit and sleep early, I feel somewhat exhausted from my day.
---
I love traveling.

Even if it's just a 3 day trip, the change of scenery is much welcomed.

What I love most though is two things:

1. The quiet time during the flight.

It's a bit sad to say, but my day-to-day life is always bombarded by stimuli and even though I am pretty mindful of my digital consumption, I still can't escape it.

Or if I'm not doing something digitally, I have chores to do or places to be.

Not in an airplane though !

It's the one place where I'm forced to shut down my phone (airplane mode) and just be present.

In my case, I decided to use the time to read and take a little nap.

Even though it was a brief moment of being offline, I did enjoy it.

2. The whole hotel vibe.

I probably wrote about this in the past so I'm just to re-iterate.

I LOVE hotels.

Yes, because most of them are nice and yada yada yada.

Even more than that though, what I love most is the simplicity that comes with staying in a hotel !

Right now, the room I booked is small, like smaller than usual hotel rooms and I love it for it's smallness.

I also have all of my belongings in a carry-on suitcase + a backpack.

Would I be able to live here for a year?

Most likely not.

But for 3 days? 

it's just perfect and awesome !

I'm a big fan of the idea of minimalism and simple living.

And this just gives me a little glimpse into it.

Voila.



