---
title: 042 - If I had 10M, I would... pt1
date: 2024-09-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I got shit done at work today, it was definitely a calmer day, but still good.
- I'm glad my new manager understands that the onboarding was not great and he gave me the one thing I should prioritize: getting better at demos.
- Spent some lovely time with JB.
- Had some fun creating the second technical interview test.
- MBPC practice went well.
- Ate supper while watching OD.
- Went for my daily walk.
- Little video chat with JB.

---
I was listening to the MFM episode with Nick Gray and they talked about how Nick Gray wrote a blogpost a long time ago titled "[If I Had $10 Million Dollars, How Would I Live Differently?](https://nickgray.net/if-i-had-10m/)".

I've heard many variations of this question such as "if you didn't have to worry about money, what would you do" or "if you had a billion dollars, what would you do?"

But 10M is a very solid and real number.

The other variations are not concrete enough or makes you think about ridiculous things (I'd buy a private island or stupid things like that).

The intention I wanted to set by asking myself this question is "if I was financially secure, what would I do with my time? What would I do differently?"

And you know what happened?

I spent my whole walk aka 45 minutes, thinking about answers and I became up empty-handed !

For the life of me, I couldn't think about the answers to this question.

It baffled me.

I am glad though that I have progressed enough in knowing myself that no b.s. answers such as "I'd create a web dev company" or "I'd create a youtube channel where I just do whatever I want" did not pop up.

I now know that all the ideas I used to have were not tied to things I'd do for fun or to enjoy my life, but rather they were tied to some type of success.

However, I am still interested in knowing the answers to this question so I will continue to ponder on it on my next walk.
