---
title: 055 - Calmness and slight excitement is optimal.
date: 2024-10-09
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Gave 3 demos today, I'm really getting more comfortable and when I prepare enough, it usually goes well. It's all in the preparation.
- Went for a mid-day walk, but couldn't stop thinking about finding partners to spare with.
- Spent a lot of brain power worrying about finding partners to practice my mixed.
- Practiced mixed at bdeb (thank you to willy & melissa for coming out). My partner and I played well. I think being relaxed is my key to playing well.
- Cooked myself some good pasta (Rao's sauce is so good).
- Watched episode 5 of Culinary Class Wars (Koreans are so good at making extravagant shows haha).
- Planning on sleeping early today again to recover and get ready for this weekend.
---
Calmness.

What I've been learning recently is that I operate much better when I am calm.

As much as work as in my badminton matches.

I always used to think I had to rely on being "hyped up" in order to perform my best; however, there's a very thin line between being hyped up / excite and being nervous.

In order to have the best constant performances, I think being calm is the way to go.

In order to increase my performance, I do think a mix of calmness and slight excitement is needed.

For badminton, I think the excitement can come from hyping myself up verbally and concentrating on being confident (the belief of "I can do this").

For work, I honestly think I am not passionate enough about what I do to truly be hyped up.

In this case, being calm and having a constant performance is the best approach.

I do think once I'll start doing workshops / events for HAPPIER (by you), I'll get the chance to play around with the mix of calmness and excitement.
