---
title: 013 - A productive day
date: 2024-08-24
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Beautiful day today.
- Woke up slightly tired from a bad night of sleep, but the weather just energized me.
- Took a wonderful walk while talking to my dad (realized I cannot be my true self when I talk to him, yet).
- Cleaned the house
- Wrote the V1 event of my upcoming workshop (writing is much easier when I'm in a flow state).
- Grocery Shopping (bought a whole bunch of snacks which I hadn't done in a while).
- Supper at Jack Astors with JB.
---
It's crazy how much my evaluation of a good or bad day is reliant on me being productive or not.

Today went well in my head because I set out to accomplish 4 things and got the 4 things done even if I did not want to do shit at first.

There's probably a lack of feeling like I'm enough just living and breathing. I constantly need to do something in order to merit being alive.

Honestly, it doesn't really matter to me.

I believe I bring more value to the world when I'm being productive so if I have a constant urge "to do something" then so be it.

It's not like I don't have my days where I watch movies or shows or relax.

I just find it more fulfilling setting some goals for the day and accomplishing them.

Overall, I'm moving in the right direction and cannot wait to see where I'll be in 3 months.

On a sadder note though, I just saw some instagram stories of some of my "old friends" getting married and it made me feel a bit sad, not being able to attend the wedding.

Congrats to them though !
