---
title: 015 - Gratitude and Hard Work
date: 2024-08-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Woke up tired.
- Didn't do much at work.
- Spend some nice time with JB.
- Played badminton at cepsum with Yuan.
- Started listening to Modern Wisdom with Alex Hormozi as a guest ([#830](https://open.spotify.com/episode/0JniPeuAuez3Bku6nvBj5X?si=916ce94c049946bb)).
- Started watching McFarland, USA.
---
I experienced a mind shift today and it came from the oddest place.

The main mind shift I had is that I think, when all is said and done, I want to be able to look at myself in the mirror, square in the eyes and be proud of the motherfucker I see.

Something tells me this is true for most people, but I'm not sure. And, actually, I don't care because I know it is true for myself.

This realization came from two places.

The first one is the latest episode of Modern Wisdom featuring Alex Hormozi (definitely recommend for you podcast listeners out there).

He dished out so many gems, I think you can probably break down every single thing he said, apply it in your life and see great benefits from it.

The main one that I retained today was about hard work and how Mr. Hormozi's whole reason for being is that he wants to know, at the end of the day, that he no longer has anything in the gas tank.

Meaning that he worked his ass off that day and there was nothing more he could do.

That shit blew my mind.

I've talked about it many many times in the past and every time I re-remind myself, it just knocks my brains out even more each time.

The hard work is the reward.

I will re-iterate it for myself.

The hard work is the reward.

It seems fucking stupid and it almost sounds so extreme. I think Alex Hormozi is a different breed and I definitely don't want to be on his level of intensity in relation to his work; however, how different would life be if we all leaned in more into hard work?

This fits very well with my main shift about wanting to be proud.

No matter what is the outcome of the hard work, **I** will know that I put in the hard work. It is the one thing I can control.

And, usually, it correlates very well with external results also.

I've been focusing on the wrong thing, I want to start focusing on what will make **me** proud at the end of the day.

And then, the second one, is from a movie I started watching called McFarland, USA (I think most widely known as McFarland).

Listen, I haven't even finished it, I cannot wait to finish it tomorrow; however, that shit inspired me to take a hard look at my life and be GRATEFUL for everything I have.

I'll keep the summary extremely short.

It's simply about a white dude that moves to a town called McFarland where the population is like 99.9% latino (I think mexicans) and he eventually becomes the cross country coach to a bunch of latino kids who are all crazy fast because they basically run from home to work to school back to home.

Anyway, the movie shows just how HARD some of them have it. Waking up at like 4:30am to go work in the fields where they pick all sort of vegetables until it's time to go to school.

Can you fucking believe it? They wake up at 4:30am, not to train, not to do sports, not to be disciplined, but because they fucking have to in order to provide for their family.

I know it's just a movie, but it's based on a true story and I am 100% sure that there are people that actually live their lives like the boys in the movie.

And do you know what the best part is?

Some of them are still smiley, have laid-back attitude and are genuinely nice as fuck.

That hard work is all they know and they still find a way to be grateful and nice.

It made me look at myself in the mirror real hard and I was not proud of who I saw.

That's why it created a mind shift.

Gratitude + Hard Work.

Those are two virtues / values that I want to embody more of.
