---
title: 102 - It's the little things that make the big things count.
date: 2024-11-27
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Decent work day.
- Felt a bit sick / tired, but now I feel better.
- Day just kinda passed by.
- Walked to the gym (it feels amazing to walk outside tbh).
- Nice little gym session (running + physio + upper body).
- Walked back from the gym (again, feels so good, wish I had started this sooner).
- Grocery shopping for supper.
- Cooked myself some really good tasting pasta (rose sauce + mushroom + cherry tomatoes + bell peppers + chicken breast).
- Cleaned up + folded my clothes.
- A few minutes of relaxation. 
---
I'm on and off with my feelings.

One moment I'm totally in my feels and want to get back together.

The other moment, I feel awesome and ready to tackle new challenges.

In some way, I believe God wants me to experience heartbreak as it's an experience I've never had before that will allow me to be more empathetic towards those who have had a similar experience.

I can definitely extrapolate my current experience and relate a bit more to those who have lost loved ones too.

I acknowledge that it'll never be the same. I can't begin to imagine what it feels like to lose someone.

I'd honestly break and I hope I never experience it.

The hardest part for me is forgetting about the small moments and how much I took them for granted in the relationship.

An example of that is today I was cooking pasta and this particular brand of pasta I was buying during my 75HARD challenge came with a little sticker to reseal the package.

Every time I would finish a pack to it, JB would grab the sticker and put it on a board I have in the kitchen saying "this is useful, you never know when you'll need them."

So when I finished the pack of pasta, I grabbed the little sticker and put it right next to the other ones.

In that moment, I just thought to myself "wow, what a caring person she is."

It's something so small and I'm sure every time she did it, I didn't feel that grateful about it.

Now that we're no longer together, I feel like I appreciate even more all the little things she did for me, for us while we a couple.

It's true what she used to say "It's the little things that make the big things count."

I'm just here wishing I would have paid more attention to the little things and been grateful for them.

There's nothing I can do about the past, but I can change my actions for the future.

Let this be a lesson for myself to never ever take for granted all the little things that my love ones do for me.

Whether it be JB, my mom, my brother, my family, my friends or whoever interacts with me.

I believe that being grateful, in general, about all the little things life has to offer is a way of acknowledging how blessed of a life I'm living.

Thank you God.
