---
title: 035 - Today, I was content.
date: 2024-09-19
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up decently refreshed even after only 6.5 hours of sleep.
- Went for a lovely lovely morning walk.
- I had a good sales call where my experience as a solutions engineer really paid off.
- Created a few demos and enhanced the script again.
- Dropped JB off to the metro and ate my shrimp thing at home.
- MBPC practice was fantastic, finally learning more technique and can see how much it will help me.
- Drove back and forth, no music, no podcast, just me and my thoughts (it was great).
- Cooked myself some chicken breast that I cut in half (what a hack to make sure that it cooks thoroughly).
- Watched an episode of OD.
- Will go pick up JB at the metro and drop her home.

---
**Morning Walk Insights**

Long term perfection, short term progression:
I initially thought that we should avoid perfection like the plague.

It is a damaging concept that, unfortunately, has entered the minds of many creative, entrepreneurial people and has essentially stopped them from advancing.

These people are too worried about their endeavours not being perfect so they spend an abundant amount of time thinking about how to make it the best instead of simply slowly progressing forward.

However, perfection in itself is not the only culprit to this problem.

After all, chasing perfection, while never actually attaining it, should be the goal of any craft one wants to master.

The additional hidden culprit is the time horizon in which one wants to find perfection.

There is no harm in wanting things to be perfect on a 20, 30, 40 years horizon.

The harm comes when the time frame goes from years to days to hours to seconds.

Perfect should be **now**.

To fix this problem, I would suggest reframing our mentality to "is it better today than it was yesterday?" or "is the second iteration better than the first iteration?"

That is all that matters really.

Even if the progress is a tiny little change, maybe replacing 1 word in a blog post or moving things around in a landing page or adding more color to your thumbnail.

Whatever the change is, is it better?

The best example I saw recently was this creator named Aren Jo who gave himself 24 hours to improve as much as possible the landing page of his course.

After 24 hours, is it perfect? Is it the best landing page I've ever seen that'll have a conversion rate of 95%?

Not at all, far from it actually.

However, is this second version better than his first? Absolutely.

Here is the instagram post if you want to see the results: [Original](https://www.instagram.com/p/C__ip4FsirI/) vs [Improved](https://www.instagram.com/p/DACVdKQyiss/)


The hidden dangers of goal settings:
About a week ago (week ago, week ago~), I gave myself the goal of reaching the best rank possible in Quebec badminton (A Elite) in the span of 2 years.

The reasoning behind it was that I eventually knew I was going to retire for good and wanted to go out by giving it my all.

I set myself this hard goal to push myself in order to train harder and **actually** give it my all instead of what I was doing for the past 2 years aka not training much and hoping for good results.

But by doing so, I inadvertently set my objective as something outside of my control.

What happens if there's another pandemic?

What happens if all my opponents get injured and that's how I become A Elite? Will I be satisfied?

What if I get injured?

What if they change the requirements to move up the ranks?

What if they create another rank?

Those are all things that can prevent me from reaching my goal, make me discouraged and, potentially, make me give up on my goal even.

To remediate, I believe the mental shift I need to do is focus on what can I do today.

How can I **progress** in today's practice? What about tomorrow's? Am I resting enough? Am I fuelling my body with the right nutrients?

These are all things I **can** control.

Even the 2 years timeline is a bit silly. Why not simply vow to play my best, improve as much as possible and the day I feel like retiring to move on to other things, then that'll be it.

I am talking about something very specific here (my badminton career), but this can also apply to many many other things.


Mornings are precious to me:
My energy level and my mood are very high when I spend my mornings walking and thinking.

On the contrary, my energy level and my mood are low when I start working 10 minutes after waking up.

The walk might help, the lack of stressors my help, the self-talk I have during the walks might help.

Regardless of what it is, I should find a way to protect my mornings.

Meetings scheduled at 9am are somewhat out of my control, but the 1h or 1.5h before that is totally in my control.

If that means I need to make sure I sleep before 12 the night before, then so be it.

One of my greatest gifts that I contribute to the world is my energy and positivity. It is a scarce resource that I should do my best to protect.

**Night thoughts**
I feel so content at the moment, it's awesome.

On my way to practice, I asked myself "if I was a multimillionaire, what would I do?" and I had a very difficult time answering.

There wasn't one particular thing that popped up, instead, the immediate answer that came up was that I'd probably do something very similar to now.

And there's something that clicked in me when I thought about that.

Reading Chop Wood, Carry Water really inspired me to simply focus on "building my own house" and concentrating on the person I am becoming.

Money can solve a lot of things, but it cannot solve who I am.

Who I am is one of the only things that cannot be bought with money.

I need to experience life, get in different situations, have my bad moments, overcome them, push through my laziness, etc.

Right now, I'm really just focused on becoming the person I want to be.

Who is that? I don't know, I'm defining it as I go.

It's very easy to know who I do not want to be and I think if I simply do the opposite, I will eventually become someone that I want to be.

An example is cooking. I always knew that I wanted to cook my own food, but I was so lazy about it. Constantly relying on my mom's food. Except, with 75HARD, I knew I didn't want to burden her by having to cook these specific recipes so I put my foot down and decided to cook for myself.

Is it hard? Yes it is ! On some days, I curse myself for not having prepared food in advance and I'm eating at 10pm instead of my regular 6-8pm. But do I survive?

Yes I do ! And there's just such a satisfaction that comes with preparing my own meals.

Do I want to become a chef and cook as a living? Hell no !

What excites and what I am proud of is that I am becoming someone who is less lazy about cooking for themselves and **that** is satisfying as hell.

It's the same thing with my current job. I don't know if Sales Engineering is my end all be all job; however, I know there are some skills I want to learn in this job. Being able to speak to customers without being shy, being confident when I present demos, figuring out the best way to present our product to the customer and probably more things that I haven't discovered yet !

Are there days when I'll be tired and will tell myself "f** this job, I wish I didn't have to work all the time".

Yes, probably many times per year !

However, I also know that, realistically, even at my **DREAM** job, I'll most likely have those days too.

I feel so inspired by the Chop Wood, Carry Water book.

Focus on the process, focus on who I am becoming, the grass is greener where you water it, enjoy life.


