---
title: 057 - What if everyone did this?
date: 2024-10-11
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Finally did the big demo. There were a little bit of hiccups, but I think I did well overall.
- Got the chance to demo the same thing again, but internally to the team.
- After the big stress and working late last night, I decided to rest for the day.
- Started reading a new manhwa called "Eternally Regressing Knight" or something like that.
- Talked to the broski during my walk (I need to get better at asking questions instead of giving answers. The goal is understanding).
- Watched OD during my lunch break.
- Went to climb with some friends (climbing is actually really fun and social. I should do some more often).
- Ate a big bowl of pasta to carb up for tomorrow.
- Watched Culinary Class Wars to finish off the night (it's soooo good. Napoli Matfia is so badass).
---
I truly believe in taking a break when your gut is telling you to take a break (when you can).

Today was one of those days, it just felt good to relax especially before a tournament.

I wish I could have seen JB, but didn't want to force it.

If I could share one lesson today to make the world happier, it would be this:

Every time you're about to take action or are wondering if you acted well or not, ask yourself "if everyone had a similar behaviour, would the world be better or worse".

Sometimes it's hard to view the consequences of an action when we're the only ones doing it, but if we imagine everyone doing it, the results of good and bad actions are very apparent.

That's it for today, I have my tournament tomorrow !
