---
title: 090 - What is my way?
date: 2024-11-15
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Did a bit of work things in the morning.
- Took off earlier in the afternoon.
- Watched this fantastic video by DAMO (link in the main blog post).
- Went for a walk.
- Scrolled a whole lot.
- Cooked myself some tortellini with sausages and rose sauce.
- Picked up JB.
- Spent a bit of bonding time together.
---
I just finished watching this video by DAMO ([link here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GZnGKk7nLg&t=922s)).

The video is the last of his series where he goes from Dad to Chad by competing in a natural bodybuilding competition, where his goal is to win best poser award (or maybe something else, but he wasn't in it just to participate).

The whole video is fantastic because it really recaps what he learned over the 200 days of his journey and it actually got me really emotional when he did his 60s pose routine over an edit of Frank Sinatra's "My Way".

As the introspective thinker I am, I started to ask myself why did it make me emotional.

Yes, the video was well edited and the journey was awesome to watch.

But I felt like there was more to it, something related to me.

And that's when I realized it was about the lyrics of the song:

*For what is a man, what has he got?  
If not himself, then he has naught  
To say the things he truly feels  
And not the words of one who kneels  
The record shows I took the blows*
***And did it my way***

More specially, the whole title of the track "My Way".

What does that mean to me?

I have no idea what doing things "my way" mean, all I know is that I have this feeling that I am not living life my way right now.

One day, we're all going to die. This is fact.

All of the material things we possess are going to leave us, all the money we've accumulated will go to other people or back to the government, and there will no longer be a future nor a present for us.

The only things we'll leave behind are how we lived our lives, the memories we created and other people's memories of us.

When I'm going to be on death bed, looking back at my life, I want to look back at it and smile.

I want to see that I have nothing left to give.

I want to see that I've used my one life well.

And most of all, I want to be proud and happy of the life I've built.

And this is only achievable if I live life my way.

Ultimately, I think that is the reason why the video got me so emotional.

The sudden awareness of the stark contrast between the way I'm living and the way I want to live.

I will make 2025 my golden year.

It has my lucky number 5, I will be turning 30 next year so there's no better time.

Starting now, my goal is that, at the end of 2025, if I ask myself "Have I lived 2025 my way?" that the answer be an affirmative and honest

"Yes !"
