---
title: 109 - I'm still a work in progress and it's okay.
date: 2024-12-04
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Relax day at work, but might be busy soon.
- Checked out my Spotify wrapped.
- Did a bit of online research shopping today.
- Had a nice little call with Rob (I miss this guy and his crazy adventures).
- Watched an episode of Cross during lunch time.
- Helped out at work a tiny little bit.
- Went to go eat supper with Alex (had a nice long discussion about his situation and a bit of mine).
- Gym session (first GPT created gym session, it was good).
- Bought some Dr.Squatch soap and a philips body groomer.
- Ate some bomb ass cereals (kashi maple waffle crisps).
- Spent way too long writing my daily twitter / threads post.
---
I had two super great conversations today.

I love talking and connecting with people that I vibe with.

During my talk with Alex though, I did realize that I didn't show up 100% authentically.

I think with him being my big brother, I've always looked up to him and wanted to prove that I'm on that same level as him.

As a result, I can still feel that I want to appear smarter / more knowledgeable in front of him.

This gets in the way of helping him properly.

I want to tell him the answers too quickly to prove that I know them instead of letting him arrive to his own conclusions or guiding him towards there.

I do think it's okay to tell people what they need to hear sometimes though.

Holding it back is not always the right thing as it might just delay the process.

What I want to emphasize here is to just be more aligned with who I am.

Not boast or overdo.

Simply be and let things unfold naturally.

It's a good reminder that I still have things to work on.

With that being said though, this is definitely one of my gifts and I'm glad we got a small breakthrough.

I am looking forward to using my gift more in the future with other people. 
