---
title: 135 - Absolutely nothing is clear.
date: 2024-12-30
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up feeling sorry for myself.
- Used that energy to start recording my Youtube videos (I love the new aesthetics of the videos).
- Realized how hard it was to communicate my thoughts on camera.
- Quickly ate lunch.
- IKEA with AT (bought myself some hangers and a little mushroom lamp).
- Pharmaprix with AT (to get her magazines for her vision board).
- Bloc Shop with DL and ST (my forearms are swole af rn).
- Ate at Petit Poisson Dumpling (good, but not as good as Sammi Soup).
- Installed my new lamp and finally hanged my hoodies.
---
I'm having a lot of difficulty knowing what I want recently.

It seemed like right after the breakup, things were very clear.

Almost a month later and absolutely nothing is clear.

I don't think I've ever felt this way before.

After I finished filming the videos today, I really questioned myself on why was I even making the videos.

It feels like I no longer want to help people.

Or maybe it's frustration from not being able to express myself & my thoughts clearly enough.

Or maybe it's the perceived expectations of having to make a perfect video.

Am I constantly thinking of doing something in order to have a way out?

Is the thought of having to work my 9 to 5 too scary and I always want to have a backup plan?

Where does working hard come into this?

Should I only be doing things that truly feel effortless to me?

Going to the gym, running, bouldering, etc.

All these feel like things I always want to do.

Does it have to do with the learning curve of whatever endeavour I want to pursue?

So many questions.

I need more time to myself to figure out the answers to all these questions.

I think I've been busying myself too much lately.
