---
title: 124 - People try their best & energies.
date: 2024-12-19
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Rough day at work, but I pulled through in the end.
- A lot of work to do before my xmas break. I'm looking forward to tomorrow evening when I'll be officially off.
- Listened to quite a lot of french rap today.
- Watched Shrinking (it's a very nice feel good type of show).
- Had a very nice karaoke session in the car going to MBPC (Hero, Thousand Miles, So Sick, Let Me Love You, Home, Apologize)
- My second to last MBPC practice was good and fun.
- Watched another episode of Shrinking.
- Started listening to Holly Cumberstone's album (what is up with english pop girls being BOPS).
---
I don't really have much for today.

Watching Shrinking has been a joy.

It's one of those light-hearted comedies that have some touching moments and some pretty good songs.

It reminds me of the kindness of people, how everyone has problems and how everyone is really trying the best they can.

I do think some people try harder than others though and those people have a special place in my heart.

JB is an example of that.

While listening to Listen Before Love, it solidified my thought that everything has already been said, but not in the same package.

Their whole concept of masculine and feminine energy comes down to the same concepts are being our true selves.

Masculine energy is dominating nowadays so most people need more feminine energy and you get that by spending time with yourself and increase your self-awareness.

Elle mentioned things like taking a walk without music or driving silently also.

Those are all things that allow you to spend more time with yourself, opening up space for your real thoughts and feelings to come to the surface.

And then I realized that each person has a different definition of masculine and feminine balance.

It's not 50/50, it might be 57/43 or 34/67.

We need to find our own balance that'll ultimately lead to our happiness.

Most people are more in the 95/5 at the moment where 95 is the masculine energy.

Constantly wanting to do something and never being.

I like how Cam called it Father time (masculine) and Mother nature (feminine).
