---
title: 131 - Thank you JB and faith in God's future for me.
date: 2024-12-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I am still tired and haven't recovered much sleep.
- Went to Le Crux with AH (did a lot more talking than bouldering haha).
- Went to the gym to get a quick workout in (ran + squats + physio mainly).
- Went to eat at Pho Anh Vu with JB (it was nice seeing her again and I'm happy about how our relationship turned out).
- Caught up with the Blinker manhwa.
- Installed my blackout blinds in my new room.
---
I had my catch up with JB today and it went really well.

I'm still a bit messed up emotional since I know that I don't want a serious relationship, but then I'm talking with someone else so it's a bit confusing there.

But after today, I have confirmed that I am definitely over my relationship with JB.

Not that it still doesn't hurt or that I don't miss the relationship from time to time, but after we both talked to each other, we are definitely thriving more alone.

It sucks a bit like why couldn't we have figured this out during the relationship, but then again, maybe we both needed this wake up call to get to where we are today.

Besides, it's not like things ended badly, if anything, I truly wish her the best from the bottom of my heart because she's an amazing human being and I'm sure she wishes the same for me.

I think we've both reached a both of self-awareness and being aligned with ourselves that we don't need any of that pettiness that comes with less mature relationships ending.

We both know we have things to work on and that we can't be in a relationship right now.

I don't think we'll ever get back together, but I still cherish what we had and have now.

It felt good talking about my newfound appreciation for the present moment, my loved ones and all that jazz.

Hopefully, this mentality will stick... maybe it'll change when I start work again haha who knows.

I put everything in God's hand and just do my best to live in the present moment.
