---
title: 094 - Courage and fearlessness.
date: 2024-11-19
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Onsite day 2 (much more relax, built lots of things, less brain power required).
- MBPC Practice.
- My necklace broke and I lost my engineering ring :(
- Relaxed at home.
---
Courage is an important trait to have.

I prefer its positive connotation to its more negative counterpart; fearlessness.

Sure, fearless sounds more badass and it might give people that extra aura needed to face daunting or scary things.

At the core of it, I disagree with the meaning of the word.

Fear, less.

I think the goal isn't to fear less, but rather to act in the face of fear.

Fear is a very human emotion that played a huge and vital role in our survival up to this point.

Trying to go against it seem rather impractical.

Rather, shouldn't the goal be to act despite the fear.

And I think that is what courage is.

When I'll eventually quit my job next year to pursue what my soul calls for.

It is certainly not true that I will not have any fear.

If anything, I will have so many more fears pop-up.

However, if I decide to give in to that fear, I know that I will regret it.

That is why no matter how scared I am, I will try as much as possible to understand where that fear comes from and act despite it being present.

Ultimately, being fearless and having courage come down to the same thing.

As with everything in life, I believe it's up to us to decide which one works best for us.

In my case, I choose courage.


