---
title: 085 - My happiness equation needs to be reversed.
date: 2024-11-10
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Slept in.
- Took a morning stroll.
- Ate lunch while watching Blue Lock S02.
- Long overdue house clean up (feels good to be in a clean house).
- Listened to 2 episodes of Colin and Samir Show (Cleo Abrams & Scott Galloway).
- Headed early at my mom's place for supper.
- Reunited with my favourite (and only) niece + alex + nancy.
- Nice family supper (I just realized now that I wasn't very present during this supper, I will do better next time).
- Went for another walk (more on my thoughts in the main section).
- Continued reading The Comfort Crisis (I love it so far, it's striking a nice chord in me).
- Sleeping early with JB.
---
On my second walk of the day, I was trying to think of my next big step.

If I ever get the courage to quit my full-time job, what will I do?

I knew for sure that I wanted to have fun.

I've spent most of my conscious life putting fun aside to do the serious things that "I was supposed to do", it is now time to do things that I consider fun.

The problem is that a lot of fun things don't make money.

I was racking my brain on what are fun things that make a lot of money.

Sure, I wanted to have fun, but part of my brain was also trying to analyze how to create financial freedom.

This turned out to be a very very hard task for my brain to try and solve in 45 minutes.

I essentially ended my walk with more questions and uncertainties than answers.

That is, until I read my mandatory 10 pages per day of The Comfort Crisis.

The realization I made was not something provided directly in the book.

It was more the connection of two separate ideas, one from the book, the other from my mind that magically linked up and created an "aha" moment in my head.

The main idea is this:

I've been wanting financial freedom in order to have the necessary resources to live out my ideal and optimal day.

But this was the wrong way of approaching it.

Instead, I should focus on creating my ideal day, lifestyle and then use the spare time to find the financial means to do them.

Okay, it's like, let's say right now, I make 100k per year and I was trying to think about "how do I make 100k per year while doing things that are fun".

The thing is that I'm only assuming I need 100k to be happy because that's what I currently while spending more than 8 hours a day doing something that makes me miserable.

Maybe if all day, I'd spend it doing things I love and that fulfills me, I actually wouldn't need 100k.

When we're miserable or unhappy, we tend to spend a lot of money on escapism.

We eat out more to eat our feelings, we want to buy material things to make us feel better, we want to renovate things because it gives us a sense of change, we do luxurious travelling to escape and decompress from our daily dreads, etc.

And I know that I do it a lot.

But life is not that complicated.

We don't need a whole lot to actually be happy.

If anything, as the book suggests, no matter how comfortable we currently are, there's always another level of comfort we can reach.

And the more miserable our daily lives are, the more we seek comfort in other things.

This is, of course, just a theory, but my instincts are telling me this is directionally correct.

If I spend my days reading, exercising, writing, solving problems, connecting with other human beings, introducing some challenge in my life and serving others, I bet I will feel more fulfilled, happy and require less money than someone who spends all day doing something they dislike making 3-4x more money than me.

Looking forward to meditating more on this.

Peace.








