---
title: 014 - A productive day
date: 2024-08-25
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Last MBPC practice of the summer and it was a tough one !
- Listened to Modern Wisdom with Dan Bilzerian.
- Went to go eat out with Nic, Jo, Jeff and Willy after practice.
- Lazed around super tired for 1h doom scrolling.
- Went to go see JB and just died / cuddled in bed.
- Ate at my mom's place some Bo Nhung Dam (beef in vinegar hot pot).
- Went to Malepart to play a little bit of badminton.
- Ate at Poulet Rouge with Yuan, Henri and Philippe.
- Picked up JB from Les Trois Monkeys.
---
Wow !

Today, was a very very busy day.

First of all, I did not sleep enough to prepare me for the day ahead. I slept at 1am yesterday and got up at 8:30am, which is 7.5 hours of sleep, not bad, but not optimal for my badminton practice.

However, I probably got my sleeping cycle right because I felt really good during the practice and was able to give my all even though it was tougher than usual.

During the mid of the day, after coming back from practice and getting to JB's house, I was feeling exhausted. I should have taken a nap, but didn't find the "right time" to do it.

As a result, my tired state kicked in and I started overthinking every little thought to the point where my mind wanted to burst.

Literally, I was overwhelmed with trying to please my mom, JB and my friend all at the same time. I simply wanted to shut down and go to sleep at that point.

Luckily though, JB, being the great partner she is, knew how to bring me back by taking the lead in this situation.

Once we got to my mom's place and I started eating and everything, things felt so much better.

This reminded me of the importance of choosing the right partner in life.

JB is definitely that for me.

Okay, in this next section, I want to talk about the MW podcast with Dan Bilzerian (DB).

I never really followed the guy, but someone who has 31M followers on instagram is probably doing something right. In his case, it's about money, women and partying.

The ultimate hedonistic life.

The first hour of the podcast was the most interesting to me. They discussed why he left the lifestyle and what he learned along the way.

DB claims that he got to the edge of the earth in his hedonistic lifestyle and saw that it wouldn't get him anywhere.

And basically, that made him switch his focus.

What I find interesting is that when he was asked by Chris Williamson if DB could have learned this lesson without going through it himself, DB simply said no. It was something he had to experience first hand and could have only came to the conclusion by going through it himself.

That is so powerful. There are things in life that you can learn through other people and there are things you can only learn by doing them yourself.

Knowing which is which is very very beneficial in my opinion.

Finally, the last thing I loved about the podcast was DB talking about "the journey".

He said that whenever he was pursuing the lifestyle, it was always result oriented. Get the next girl or get the next million or something like that.

And, ultimately, he realized that the most important part of life was the journey itself.

He said that you find the most enjoyment while trying to get the result, not the result itself.

This just solidified for me the importance of, yes, finding a goal that is worth pursuing, but even more so finding a journey that you enjoy.

If the journey is not enjoyable, then you'll be working miserably for many years only to get satisfaction for a few weeks and then it'll be gone.

So, choose your journey wisely.
