---
title: 022 - Disruption of my routine
date: 2024-09-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Went to Trader Joe's for the first time ever. I LOVE it. Everything is their own brand and they all seem to be good quality things. I'll definitely read the book.
- Discovered pine nuts hummus + pita bread is such a bomb snack.
- Ate lunch with everyone (spaghetti alla puttanesca with tuna).
- Went to the gym with Alex.
- Continued reading 100M Offers (I'm glad 75HARD is forcing me to read because I missed it).
- Caught up quickly with JB (it was nice talking to her, I miss her).
- Ate a MD version of Bun Rieu (all natural ingredients).
- Meal prepped for tomorrow (overnight oats + MD chicken bowl with tzatziki).
- Walked back to the hotel.
- Currently listening to Big Sean's new album (better me than you) while writing this.
---
Second day was definitely easier.

It was slightly stressful to shop for natural ingredients; however, Trader Joe's made it really easy because most of their stuff is natural.

Discovered that as long as I eat big portions, I'm good in terms of food / hunger.

This means that as soon as I find one good recipe, I should just meal prep it and eat it often.

In other news, I'm enjoying Boston as a city.

There are young people everywhere, I'm not saying that I don't like old people, but it gives a different energy when literally 90% of the people walking outside are students or young adults.

It just gives a certain freshness and a feeling of belonging. Like "ah, I'm one of them" even though I don't live in Boston nor am I American.

Every time I travel and get out of my routine, I'm reminded of how much I love travelling.

The number one thing I like about it is disrupting my inputs. In Montreal, most of my days look the same. Especially when I train and play badminton.

I'm constantly doing the same thing and although the routine is what needed to build the life I want, the disruption of it when I travel is much welcomed.

It doesn't have to be anything fancy. The fact that I don't eat the same foods, I don't prep in the same bathroom in the morning, I don't walk the same routes, I don't shop at the same places, etc.

All those are things I welcome.

I guess I just realized that I'm grateful for both the routine and also the disruption of my routine.

I need the routine to build the future I want for myself and the disruption is a reminder that I'm alive in some sense.

If I do the same thing day after day, time compresses itself because my mind doesn't experience anything new so even though it's been 4 months, I only feel it as 1 month.

When I experience something new every day (such as now that I'm in Boston), each day feels new. 

Even 7 days of new experiences can feel longer than 1 month in Montreal, I think.

Anyway, starting work tomorrow with a new title and a new work spot (hotel). Looking forward to it !






