---
title: 089 - NYC Day 3, Home At Last.
date: 2024-11-14
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- First day after finishing 75HARD.
- Had myself a nice breakfast bagel from Leon's Bagels.
- Did a little demo for a customer.
- Ate a square at Prince St Pizza.
- Shopped way too long at GU (although I LOVE this store).
- Sped my way through airport and its security (got to the plane right on time, I was in the last like 8 passengers to board).
- Got back to MTL.
- Had a lovely and long conversation with my Uber driver (s/o to Soma).
- Went to go eat PHO (miaaaaaam).
- Went for a post-meal walk.
- Picked up JB from the metro and went to sleep.
---
Busy busy busy.

Exhausting day.

I almost missed my flight because I took to long to decide what I wanted to buy at GU due to my limited luggage space.

Ended up being a nice end of fall / beginning of winter coat.

This was my first day out of 75HARD and coming back home felt weird.

I didn't have any commitments to do.

I didn't know what to do with my time.

I spent a lot of it just scrolling and thinking to myself "hmm... I actually liked when I had things to do so that I don't have to think about what I should do with my time."

I know that, in time, I'll begin filling up my personal time with more things that I enjoy.

Also, for the life of me, I wasn't able to bring myself to write about 75HARD nor do my instagram post.

Two things I knew I wanted to do, but somehow didn't feel like doing.

Hopefully, one day you'll read about my 75HARD experience and what it meant to me.

For now, the only thing I can say is that I definitely recommend it to anyone wanting drastic change in their life.

Peace.
