---
title: 070 - If you want to be happy, fall in love with yourself.
date: 2024-10-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up at 5:40am to go drop off JB at the metro (wasn't supposed to, but forgot to turn off my alarm so did it anyway, I'm happy I did).
- Went back to sleep and woke up for real at 10:15.
- Prepped and got ready for MBPC practice.
- MBPC Practice (starting to get the feel of the clip, it's exciting).
- Ate a late lunch + watched LL.
- Did a small grocery haul for supper.
- Went on my daily walk.
- Cooked supper (new recipe, greek ground turkey skillet. Not that good, lacks flavour).
- Just chilled, talked to JB a bit and finished my 75HARD things.
---
If there was one message I could share to the world today, it would be this:

If you want to be happy, fall in love with yourself.

I obviously do not mean it in a narcissistic way, it rather holds two (or maybe more) positive elements to it.

The first one is that to actually fall in love with someone, you have to know them.

And I mean truly truly know them. Not just on the surface level, but you have to know them to the point that you can see past the external actions and know deep down inside what that person is about.

This is how you need to know yourself also.

This world is filled with people wanting to help the world by giving meaningful advice on whatever situation or problem we may be in.

The problem is that with access to internet, we have too much advice at our finger tips and, most often than not, it is easy to find advice that contradict themselves.

This is where knowing yourself is useful.

Let's say my goal is to exercise more often.

There might be different advice on how to do this.

One approach might be to start slowly, maybe go to the gym once a week and build that habit up slowly.

For the first 2 weeks, go once a week, then twice a week for the following month, then 3 times a week for the next 3 months, etc.

Or there might be a different approach, something more drastic.

Something like 75hard, where from one day to the next, I need to start exercising every single day for 75 days in a row.

These are two totally different approaches, which one is the most effective? Which one is the most likely to reach my goal of exercising more?

The real answer is both of them work ! It simply depends on the person.

I personally am someone that fits better with the second approach, going hard, all-in, cold-turkey, whatever you want to call it.

However, I know other people, like my mom, that would most likely thrive more with the first approach.

Thus, the importance of knowing yourself intimately.

One of the best ways to accomplish this is through trial and error.

In fact, I believe most people who do not know themselves enough simply did not spend enough time trying out different things outside of what they already know or do not have enough experiences (good or bad).

So go out there and try try try !

Okay, so this covers the first part and the importance of getting to know oneself.

The second element to "falling in love with yourself" is the acceptance of the self.

Another very important element of falling in love is accepting someone's flaws.

There is literally nobody, NOBODY that is flawless. This is just a fact.

If that is the case, then how come there are so many happy couples out there?

How come there are so many people that continue to fall in love every single day?

It's because they embrace the other person's imperfections.

Only when they accept that no one is perfect and that having flaws is the most human thing that exists, do they then actually fall in love.

And this is also something we must do with ourselves.

We must learn to accept and embrace not only the good parts of us, but also the bad and ugly parts.

This is also an inevitable part of getting to know ourselves.

It's only when we know our flaws and our imperfections that we can understand why we do things.

It's because you know that your deepest fear is be alone that you understand why you constantly want to be in a relationship.

It's because you know that you grew up poor that you understand why you constantly strive to want more money even though you have enough.

It's because you know that your scared that your kids will struggle that you understand why you want to be so strict on them.

It's because I know that I have a deep need to prove my worth that I understand why I'm scared of quitting my job and starting from scratch.

When we accept, we learn.

When we learn, we understand.

This is the second meaning of "falling in love with yourself".

I am sure there are even more meanings behind the words I wrote, but the two I shared today were the ones I found the most important and relevant to being happier.

That is all I wanted to share, thank you for reading.

Remember, "if you want to be happy, fall in love with yourself."

Peace.
