---
title: 011 - You can only control what YOU do
date: 2024-08-22
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Full meeting day today at work. Work can be a bit entertaining when I'm 100% present and fully engaged in the calls.
- Finally deployed my website, you can now see it live on https://nicholashughsam.netlify.app/ (need to port it to a .com domain eventually).
- Process has finally started for me to become a FTE.
- MBPC was good. I really thought it would be harder, but I guess it also depends on the level of effort we put in.
- JB is sleeping over, yaay !
___  

Life becomes easier to navigate once you understand that the only thing you can control is how you interact with the world, not the other way around.

In some sense, some people might see this as bad.

You might think or wish that your actions have a direct correlation with outcomes or that your actions are what causes certain consequences to happen.

And although there are certainly actions that have a high likelihood of creating a known outcome, you can never be 100% sure.

This creates some type of anxiety in people who love certainty, control.

They want to master everything around them so that they are ready for anything, but that's a surefire way to make yourself unhappy.

Instead, you can see it as a good thing.

This means that the only thing you really have to worry about is yourself and the acts that you choose to do or not to do.

If you work really hard on something, will it necessarily guarantee success? No.

What it guarantees is that you did put in the work.

And, at a certain level, I think that's what life is about.

Doing things because you choose to do them and the only guarantee is having the satisfaction that you know you did them.

Isn't it beautiful in some way?

(lowkey was uninspired when I wrote this, but I cannot control the outcome of this post will be well received or not, I can just control the fact that I did write it with the best of my uninspired abilities today).




