---
title: 023 - Glimpse of benefits from 75HARD
date: 2024-09-03
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Yoga in the morning.
- Productive day at work, the change of work space was good.
- Onboarded my replacement nicely and also got some good tasks done.
- Ate a DIY chicken bowl (grilled chicken, tzatziki, rice, corn, bell pepper, cucumber and tomatoes).
- Random guy came talking to me about his outsourcing company in India.
- Walked to Alex's house while listening to Andrew Huberman on the Diary of a CEO podcast (dopamine plays a very important role and how you use it is crucial. To thrive, replace all easy dopamine hits with "harder", but more rewarding dopamine hits. Social media vs gym).
- Saw baby bella, ate with them, meal prepped.
- Back at the hotel and will hopefully talk to JB tonight.
---
I know I've been bitching about 75HARD since I started, but today I am finally seeing some positive results.

There are too many variables that changed at once so I cannot say 100% that it's due to the challenge, but here are the things I've noticed so far.

**Less thinking, more doing**
The fact that I cannot skip any of the steps is forcing me to do things even if I don't want to do them. Consequently, it's reinforcing my brain to complete tasks even when it doesn't want to.

**Not tired**
I thought the diet was making me sleepy during the first 2 days, but it could have been a lack of sleep. Or, it used to make me sleepy and I finally found how to eat properly. Regardless, I noticed I did not have the usual afternoon sleepiness even after eating.

**No body aches**
Not much to say here. My body feels overall better and I'm guessing it's simply because I'm moving more. Exercising every day makes my joints move at the very least.

**More positive mood**
This one, I think has to be attributed to 75HARD and the change of environment. I believe there is some sort of dopamine activity or chemical reaction happening in my brain as I complete every task needed for the day regardless of how I feel. It is making me feel proud of myself. Simply doing what I know needs to be done. How many times has this happened? Instead of thinking about something and doing nothing, I am now thinking about what I have to do and am following through.

I will expand on that last one, but, for now, these are the benefits I've felt today thanks, in part, to 75 hard.

Okay, so coming back to what I was saying, after 4 days of 75 hard, I am starting to get a glimpse of having freedom of self.

Freedom of self meaning that whatever I want to do, I do it. I actually follow through.

I cannot imagine a better, more free life than that.

Being someone who really thinks about doing something or wanting something and simply going for it. Not stopping until that thing is completed or achieved.

This is the essence of self-mastery and, ultimately the most free life.

Money will have it's part in it; however, there are probably many people who have loads of money, but are not free from themselves, their addictions, their faults.

I am not saying that I want to be perfect and have no faults. I cannot imagine someone ever accomplishing that; however, being someone who can accomplish whatever they desire and put their mind to.

Now that's a powerful and free person.

That is who I want to become.
