---
title: 029 - Stay in the present
date: 2024-09-09
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Went for a morning walk.
- Did my first task as a sales engineer. I'm excited to improve the process.
- More sales calls and an interview with a candidate (I loved his views on the SAE role)
- Not the most productive day task wise, but I liked my day at work (getting more involved in sales and exploring that side).
- Went to the gym for an ATG workout (I want to find myself a gym that's more ATG friendly).
- Ate supper quickly (Thank God for mom's chicken).
- Cooked brown + wild rice for the first time (2 cups of rice for 3.5 cups of water I think).
- Go see Rob at his old condo and catching up before he leaves.

---
First day back in Montreal doing 75HARD was not bad.

I probably could have been more organized while prepping for this week.

I thank my mom that she cooked some chicken for me before going to Boston (freezer, don't worry) which allowed me to prep supper quickly.

The best course of action is going to be meal prep on the weekend until maybe Thursday and then cook some more for the rest of the week.

One of my biggest faults is that I constantly think about "the next step".

Even though, at the moment, my focuses are 75HARD, planning my workshop and getting ready to start my new position, I am already thinking about what's next.

I just barely started this challenge and I'm projecting myself to Nov. 16th and asking myself "what am I going to do now?"

It's most likely because I'm trying to get ahead.

I'm trying to think about what actions I can take now that'll set me up for success when I'm done with challenge.

I should stop doing that and focus my efforts on the things I am currently doing.

Or it might even be an escape where I use the future to escape the present.

Regardless of **why** I do it, I should just stop.
