---
title: 027 - Delaying my workshop and future endeavours
date: 2024-09-07
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- First day OFF (and last) in Boston.
- Walked to Alex's place with my mom.
- Visited Maruichi japanese grocery store.
- Ate breakfast (eggs + lettuce pita w/ hummus and tzatziki and a salad).
- Went to go do some shopping for souvenirs (grocery store + UA).
- Entertained myself with some youtube videos and whatnot.
- Ate supper (chicken fricassee, very good).
- Wrote in Isabella's notebook.
- Will end the night with yoga as my last workout of the day.
- Getting ready to go back tomorrow.
---
I did not work on my workshop today.

I had the time, I simply did not want to.

I even debated whether or not I should just cancel the whole thing because I am no longer motivated to do it.

This was about to repeat the cycle that I constantly did in the past so I stopped myself.

The reason why I did not want to work on it was because with 2 weeks left on the initially workshop date, I knew I didn't have enough time to create something special, something I am proud of.

Yes, I could write up something quickly and get it done, but that's not the goal at all of committing to doing this workshop.

Do I think this is what I want to do in the next immediate future? No, I no longer think that.

However, do I think that the workshop I want to give has value, will help people and **is something that I committed myself to doing**?

Yes, yes and yes !

I will push back my workshop date, I don't know until when, maybe some time in November or maybe in October.

I want to finish reading 100M Offers and **apply** the exact content of the book to my workshop.

I think what Alex Hormozi wrote is special and sounds true to me. The only thing left to do is to apply it at least once so that I internalize it.

Whether or not Danny Miranda comes, does not matter anymore, in fact, it should have never mattered in the first place (but it did).

It would be super super dope if he does though, but that's up to him, not me.

My goal right now is to focus on 75HARD and prep the workshop as best as I can (the leads, the offers and the workshop).

In other news, 75HARD really made me realize how much I love health & fitness as a space.

My current thoughts is that I'd like to train to have a body and function similar to Yun SungBin (Iron Bin from Physical 100 who is now apparently dating Jihyo of TWICE).

He seems like a physical speciman as he is extremely strong, has a lot of muscle mass and he's athletic as fuck (jumps high, runs fast, etc.)

I am still wondering where badminton fits in all this, but maybe my next phase is to become a fitness influencer or content creator.

I've tried many times in the past, but I've always tried to center it around self-development vs now, I'd want it to be around fitness.

I believe content creation is here to stay and it'll simply be to my advantage in my future endeavours to have an audience.

Who knows, maybe if I build a big enough audience, I can then mix in my self-development stuff.

As I said before, if you do something extraordinary, people will follow.

Having an elite physique is something extraordinary.
