---
title: 060 - Running towards something greater.
date: 2024-10-16
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- 2 demos today. One went well (high-end brand) and the other one was alright.
- Went for a walk in the afternoon (realized some things during this walk).
- Helped out the SD team today.
- Talked with my future team coworker (seems like we'll get along just fine).
- Worked a bit later than usual.
- Power yoga (it always feels AMAZING).
- Ate supper with JB (discussed about life and stuff).
- Will sleep at her place today.
---
My work at DigitalGenius is definitely exciting.

It feels good to know that I was able to find a workplace + type of work that I enjoy.

However, as I was taking my walk today, I committed to eventually quitting DG in the near-ish future.

Why?

Because it's not aligned with what I want to put out in the world.

Yes, the people at DG are amazing, the space is definitely interesting, I am growing new skills that I didn't think I'd enjoy, there's so much grow and opportunity at this company, but what impact are we having in the world?

If I wanted to live a normal live, do my work and be fine with whatever after-work activities I would do. Then DG would be the perfect place for me.

I'd stay here, learn for 2 years, probably become a manager and lead the NA team.

That's not me though.

I want my work and life to be intertwined.

I want to be able to stop working working, but still feel good and excited about what I'm doing off hours.

I want to make a positive impact in the world, feel proud and fulfilled by what I do.

For once, I am not running away from my job, I am running towards something greater instead.

I want to dedicate my time, energy and soul to helping people. Individuals.

I know this now.

The only part missing is the money or rather how am I going to pay for my current bills.

I do not mind downsizing my lifestyle, but I still have things to pay.

And for that, I need money.

So for my next line of thought, I will put "what do I want to do with my life" on a break and instead think of "what type of job can I do that will make me pay my bills and put me closer to my ultimate goal."

Peace.
