---
title: 073 - Meh day, a bit tired, high-agency.
date: 2024-10-29
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Relaxed day at work, but got everything done.
- Spent some time looking at different protein bars.
- Good chat with the new guy (Kevin), I'm looking forward to learning more from him.
- Worked on the videos for the RFP.
- Went on a walk.
- MBPC practice (didn't play so well today, I think I'm feeling off overall - maybe tired).
- Awesome performance by bruno mars and lady gaga https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnPxkuFIA48
- Attempt to go to sleep early and recover.
---
I had so many random negative thoughts today.

I believe there's a correlation between feeling tired and not being positive.

It's as if I don't have the energy to block out the negative thoughts in my head.

Overall, I had a lot of regret about not taking advantage of my youth or taking it for granted.

I know, I know, I'm not even 30 yet, I'm still very young.

Having flashbacks of my physicality and how much time I spent "doing nothing" still leaves me quite bitter though.

There's really nothing I can do about it now and I know it.

The next best thing is to concentrate on not repeating the same mistakes aka taking advantage of my youthfulness and time right now before I turn 40 and start regretting the years wasted in my 30s.

It's so easy to waste time now.

I don't exactly want to be a high agency person; however, I do realize a lot of times, I think about doing something and instead of doing it right now, I just tend to leave it in my mind until....

I eventually completely forget about it and don't do it.

As all things, there has to be a balance.

Wouldn't hurt if the scale is slightly more towards high agency instead of slightly towards low agency.

Just an observation, not sure what I'll do with this information yet.

That's all for today.
