---
title: 107 - Not sure what I'm doing, but I'm trusting.
date: 2024-12-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Okay day at work, only worked in the morning.
- Sang karaoke for an hour as a break.
- Started watching Cross while eating lunch.
- Gave a quick demo at work (my soul is not in it anymore haha).
- Watched another ep of Cross.
- Walked to the gym.
- Had a good gym session (felt my glute slightly more, maybe I should start doing a bit of lower body also).
- Walked back home (time and time again I will say it, these feel sooo good).
- Ate supper while watching Cross.
- Started talking a bit with MJ (interesting life, pretty much an open-book, I appreciate that).
- Dropped off and picked up some rackets at JN's.
- Wrote my first thread / instagram post about living in alignment (and got positive feedback !)
- Listening to "number one girl" on repeat.
---
I discovered today that the breakup is affecting more than I thought.

I really thought after trusting God and being more spiritual, I was going to be okay, but my behaviour says otherwise.

I feel a bit numb and I'm not sure what I should be doing in general.

I'm trusting that whatever I'm doing right now, like following my gut is the right thing to do, but I'm really not sure.

And that's why I know that it's affecting me haha.

My critical judgement has been affected and I can't think as straight as normally.

I did receive a text from my mom saying that she's always there for me if I need to talk and it felt great.

As asians, we've never directly expressed our love to each other and I'm sensing that it's slowly changing.

It started with the hugs (thank you JB) and continuing with our verbal communication.

This is way more aligned with how I want my relationship with my close family to be like so I'm happy about this process.

Writing the thread / instagram post was interesting.

At first, I just wanted to write a quick one.

And then as I was writing, my brain started to automatically go back and correct sentences / paragraphs until it was satisfied.

I always thought that editing was going to be a b*tch, but it seems if I edit on the fly, it works for me.

This path feels right to me, using short form text instead of long form like blog posts.

I'd maybe want to adventure into video / shorts later. I am not sure.

In reality, I'm not sure about anything right now, I'm just putting my trust in God and following what feels right.

It's all part of a plan and I'm in for it !
