---
title: It's all about being authentic (#006)
date: 2024-08-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---

**Day:**  

- Woke up supra late (2:30pm)
- Cooked lunch (eating fresh food hits different)
- Worked on my blog a bit (inspiration from https://tinyprojects.dev/blog)
- Watched a bit of Hitch (I love movies from that era)
- Huge realization about what I want to teach (authentic self)
- Ate five guys burger to uplift JB's spirit !
- Went on a wonderful walk
- Finished Hitch
___  

My calls with Danny Miranda have truly unlocked my next level.

The internal progress I have made since starting has been exponential.

Today, my new realization is that I want to teach people about being their authentic self.

The authentic self / true self is present in all areas of our lives. Whether it be career, relationships, family, hobbies, etc.

If you peel all the layers that we have put on, your authentic self is below. It only has positive values.

The more layers you have put on, the harder it is to tap into your authentic self.

Layers are mostly barriers that we have put on in order to protect ourselves as we have aged.

When we are a child, we have no barriers, we are always our authentic self. There's no baby in the world that exists that doesn't act like themselves.

The layers are behaviours we learn from our environment that has consciously or unconsciously instilled fear within ourselves and made us think that being our authentic self is not enough. Or that it is even dangerous to be our authentic self.

Trauma is an example of a thicker layer.

Being fake with friends is an example of a thinner layer.

It is when you think about the authentic self that you realize money is truly just a vehicule, a tool, a means to an end. If you ask 99% of the population, what they would do if they had 100 million, none of them would answer "I'd chase after more money".

Your authentic self does not want money. All those who chase money simply want to be their authentic selves again and think money is the solution.

All those who have accumulated a lot of money simply chased their authentic self in business and it happened to make them lots of money.

