---
title: 106 - Reconnecting with my passions.
date: 2024-12-01
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Got my discovery call with Anny (singing).
- Signed up for a singing course / community (it was expensive, but felt it was the right thing to do).
- Headed over to my mom's place to eat with the fam.
- Told everyone there about JB and I.
- Quickly went shopping at Uniqlo and bought myself 2 pants + 1 jacket ish.
- Went to Canadian Tire to buy a few things there also (2 power bars + 2 packs of scrub daddy + 1 10inch pan).
- Took the metro to attend my first open-mic (did not sing, really wanted to, but couldn't build up the courage until it was too late).
- Ate supper while finishing Reacher (such a great series to watch while relaxing).
---
I started a new journey today.

The journey of singing !

I'm not sure where it's going to lead me.

I'm looking forward to the day where I feel comfortable enough to go on a stage and start singing without dying internally.

It was a financial investment and I know I'll need to start watching my spendings soon, but it felt right.

The timing of the program (ends right when I plan on quitting DG) was divine.

As I'm getting more in-tuned with myself and aligned with who I am and what I want, I'm starting to realize that I knew what I loved when I was a young teen / teenager.

Hanging out with friends, doing sports, helping my friends out emotionally (they would often come to me for advice), dancing and singing are all things I used to do for fun.

As I grew older, I started to discover money, adult problems and the opportunities in business.

From then on, my mind started to forget what I loved doing for fun and started thinking about what I can do to make money.

The funniest part about all this is the fact that I've heard it so many times over the years in the self-development space.

"What you love is what you used to do as a kid."

Except, I was so focused on finding things that would make me money that I was blind to the things I actually loved.

Only now that I've recently rediscovered my passions can I now look back on my younger years and say to myself:

"Ah yes, of course I love all these things now, they're literally all things I used to do in my spare time all the time."

Life and God are funny sometimes.
