---
title: 115 - Second day of creating short form content.
date: 2024-12-10
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Good demo today.
- More creative juices on video ideas.
- Started watching The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (too soon to have an opinion on it).
- MBPC Practice (wow, what a good practice, I love the smash, net kill drill. Practices my arm extension and going forward).
- Recorded my second video on why we procrastinate.
---
I finally understand what it means to do something that's aligned with who you are.

Yes, there are results that I'd eventually want tied to creating these videos; however, I am having so much fun just thinking about different ideas and trying to get a clear, concise and helpful video out.

Because both of my accounts are anonymous for the time being, I don't have as much pressure or fear related to posting.

My only concern is whether or not I can fit all the information in a short video.

I am still debating on the best way to communicate my ideas.

On one hand, shorts / tik tok / reels are great to get exposure and giving people little nuggets of information.

On the other hand, I feel like a lot of concepts require further explanation that might be lost in short form content.

Maybe it's because I'm afraid of them not understanding that I feel the need to make long videos.

A fear of being misinterpreted, not because I might be saying something bad, but because I want people to understand the nuances in what I say and how it might not apply to everyone.

Anyway, long term, I know I'll most likely do a combination of both: short and long form content.

Let me just start with short form to get the ball rolling and see people's interest level.
