---
title: 047 - Beautiful Day.
date: 2024-10-01
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Went on a beautiful walk where things cleared up in my mind.
- Worked on a demo for tomorrow.
- Listened to [Beautiful Day by Mike Posner](https://open.spotify.com/track/263JoWo2G2ZhdpFSNx0naB?si=6c0012d25f5c4978) on repeat.
- Wrote this blog post.
- Cleaned up around the house a bit.
- MBPC practice.
---
The title of this post is dedicated to the song I've listened to on repeat today.

The chorus puts me in an especially good mood.

It's funny how yesterday was one of my most sluggish days in a while.

I was super tired, scrolled a lot, barely finished 75HARD and slept late.

Yet, today, is a great day so far. I feel energized, my thoughts are clear, the song is putting me in a vibe, I can finally write a clear post.

It's a beautiful day to be alive :)

**A change is going to come**
I feel myself at the edge of an important precipice.

I am now official a year away from the big 3-0.

Next year, I would have lived approximately one third of my life (if I live until 90) and it is a great opportunity to ask myself "what the hell have I been doing with my life?"

I've accomplished a lot at my age in terms of salary, I got a house, I got savings, I've done some cool trips around the world, I found the love of my life, I've made many friends and many more memories.

I am extremely grateful to everything that happened in my life that lead me up to this point.

However, as I look to the next big chapter of my life, there is really one major part of my life that I definitely want to change.

That is my career.

Everything else, I can live with just fine, actually, everything else, I'm very happy with.

Are there some minor inconveniences sometimes? Yes, of course, I have my bad days, I have days where I'm ungrateful, where I compare myself to others and want things to change.

That's all they are though, inconveniences that I know will disappear if I focus on being grateful, having a positive mindset and concentrating on the beauty of my life.

My career though, there is no universe in which I see myself doing exactly this 5 years from now on and being happy.

I know I want a family later on and there is no way I will be dreading going to work every day while building my family.

Even if I don't have a family, I realized that life is too precious for me to waste so many hours, days, months, years of my life doing something I dislike that I personally don't feel contributes anything positive to the world.

A few days ago, I asked myself the question "How would I live differently if I had 10M?" and my mind went blank.

I did not know how I would live differently, except that I'd quit my work on the spot for sure.

But then, what would be next?

Traveling? Maybe a bit. A vacation? For sure. Buying a house fully in cash? Most likely. Taking care of my mom? Absolutely.

When all those one time items were said and done though, what would be left?

What would I do with the next 30, 40, 50 years of my life?

I took my 8 years of self-reflection experience, condensed all that brain power and thought in my most free state.

Forget about where I live, forget about who I was, forget about what I studied, forget about other people, forget about what other people think of you, forget about the relationships I have, forget about money (because I got 10M)... what would I do?

I would spend all my time trying to make the world better.

More specifically, making the world better by helping people become better.

For themselves, their friends, their family, their neighbourhood, their city, their country.

I am sure the world already has all the resources it needs to thrive, but the problem is us.

The way we think and the decisions we make as a result.

I want to work on helping people with their mentality and taking action.

I have no no no idea what form this will take.

Workshops? Books? Apps? I haven't figured out that part yet.

Actually, there's a lot of things I haven't figured out.

How will I make this sustainable? I don't know.

What will I do for work in the mean time? I don't know.

Will I go full time or part time? I don't know.

If I do work, will I be able to find something more aligned with this? I don't know.

But I will. I'll figure all of it out.

And I want to start it in Montreal.

It's going to be hard because we aren't the most advance city when it comes to self-development, but I have to start somewhere.

And where else is better than the city that raised me?

On a more personal note, I also want to spend a lot of time on my fitness.

If there's one selfish thing I was to continue doing and building, it's that.

I feel my best when my body feels it's best and this hasn't been the case in years.

I hope all of this will stick for good.

I'll update in the upcoming days / weeks / months.

It's a beautiful day to be alive :)
