---
title: 071 - Uncertain future.
date: 2024-10-27
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I decided to wake up with an alarm despite going to sleep late last night. I think this is better for my circadian rhythm.
- Started off the day strong by scrolling for 45 minutes.
- Read my pages.
- Went for a walk.
- Writing my blog post.
- Ate lunch while watching some youtube videos.
- House chores.
- Went to pick up JB back from her tournament.
- Ate supper at my mom's place.
- Yin yoga to end the night.
- JB sleeping over.
---
Uncertainty is a given when dealing with the future.

While on my walk, I observed my thoughts be in turmoil when it came to my next chapter after 75HARD.

I know at the bottom of my heart, the next mission I'm going to take on is to help people live happier lives.

I've spent enough years of trying to live a "normal" life to know that this isn't going to work out for me.

Yes, I was able to endure 6-7 years doing this, but would I be able to survive the next 30 years?

Definitely not.

Besides, survival and enduring is not the point of life.

I want to live, to thrive.

To do so, I've decided to be somewhat of a teacher and use the knowledge I've accumulated over the past 10 years to teach, communicate, and educate people on how to be happier.

Except, this will take time.

I need to improve my writing skills to be a more effective communicator.

I also want to start in-person meetings, which might take time to get rolling.

In itself, the time needed to get the ball rolling might be roughly 5-8 hours per week.

And right now, I'm just afraid that I don't have these 5-10 hours.

I will have to sacrifice things and I don't know what to sacrifice.

Maybe I don't need to think about it and something will naturally get sacrificed when I start integrating this new journey in my life.

All I know is that if you were to replace my current job, working let's call it 5 hours per day at DG with a job that allows me to help people, I would be a 5/5 happy.

Yes, I am talking about right now, while doing 75HARD.

Everything daily habit/challenge is making my life awesome.

Reading 10 pages a day, drinking tons of water, exercising twice a day and even the diet has many benefits (I would most likely drop the diet and the progress pictures though).

Would I have time in this current schedule to fit in 1-2 hours of writing per day?

I don't think so.

Especially not on the days where I play badminton.

And this is where the turmoil started.

I want to keep my badminton, keep my current living space (which requires $), keep exercising twice a day and reading, continue to have a thriving relationship with JB, see my friends occasionally, and now want to integrate writing + in-person events.

Honestly, now that I write it down, it's not that bad.

Writing it out actually made me realize that this might be possible to do.

It will not be easy and I'll have to be more disciplined, but if these are the things I truly want, I'll find a way to make it work.

Good, I'm glad I wrote about it, I feel much more at ease now.

Arigato, sayonara.


