---
title: 134 - Blood is thicker than water.
date: 2024-12-29
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up early to go get my cousins (even though I was late).
- Went to brunch with all my immediate cousins (first cousins only outing !)
- Succeeded in completing the escape room (BREAKOUT - we were super clutch, finished with 0.45s left).
- Drove my cousins back and had a very nice talk with them (got to know them more today than in 20 years of knowing them lol).
- Went to my mom's place.
- Took a fat nap.
- Ate supper with my mom, AHS + NT + baby.
- Got home and did a bit of cleaning up in my new office room.
- Went to the gym (long run + core).
- Finished watching Blue Lock S02 (yooooo, that last episode was so hype, I was laughing by myself from hypeness).
---
It was an exhausting and fulfilling day.

There's just something about getting to know my family that feels right.

I know understand the meaning behind "blood is thicker than water".

Right now, I'm a mess, I'm very all over the place, I'm really just trying to live day-by-day and not think of anything anything else, but man have I felt alive the past week.

Getting closer with my friends, my family, just constantly being in the present, doing things without ever questioning anything related to the future.

The only time I did feel slightly miserable is when I became self-aware that my current lifestyle is not sustainable.

I'm sleeping way later than usual and, if I'm real with myself, it has to do with AT.

I have nooooo idea what I'm doing there either.

I'm going to maybe try and find somewhat of a routine this upcoming week.

We'll see how that goes.
