---
title: 019 - 75HARD Start
date: 2024-08-30
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- Woke up
- Ate breakfast
- Took a nap
- Went to Cafe Bloc with Celine and Rena !! It was so fun, we should do it again (JB is so good !)
- Ate at Beijing Restaurant (got a huge tummy ache though)
---
I was disgusted with myself today.

I woke up at 12:20pm, filled up a few documents for work, ate breakfast / lunch and then went back to sleep again.

What a nice way to totally waste the day.

I had taken off so that me and JB could spend time together and instead, I just lazed around.

In my ultimate frustration, I decided to just tell JB about it.

I was fed up with myself.

We watched videos yesterday and every now and then, whenever I have "a big realization", I like recording myself or writing about it so that I can remember.

What I noticed is that the lessons I learned back in 2020 are the same lessons I am learning today.

For 4 years, my mentality did not change much. I know I made some progress and I definitely learned more about myself and all that.

However, the main things I wanted to change about myself have not changed.

There's definitely a cycle that keeps repeating itself because I remember being in this same mentality in the past.

It's the mentality that **I** have to change. It doesn't matter what I want to do or what my purpose is or what my passion is.

What matters is that **I** change.

What's hilarious is that in the blog I wrote in 2023 (the previous nijahusa blog), I wrote an exact article about this and it's the exact article that I have open in one of my tabs. It's called "fuck money, just don't be comfortable".

Slightly different in the content, in the post, I discuss about abandoning comfort and trying to be happy whether I live "like shit" vs how I live right now.

The conclusion I came to today is that I need to seek being uncomfortable.

It touches upon many of the subjects I wrote about in the past few days such as "being proud of myself at the end of the day", "when to push vs when to relax", "self-mastery" and "hard work + gratitude".

There is only growth when we are uncomfortable. It can be a little bit  or massively, but it still needs to be uncomfortable. As a person, I know that I grew much more from 18 to 23 then from 23 to 28 and this can only be attributed to my comfort.

And most people will not understand this. I am very aware. It just sounds weird and it also sounds like I'm on some hustle thing.

But it just feels really shitty not being in control of myself.

Every single day, I have thoughts in my head about who I am, who I want to be and every single day, my body, my feelings, my emotions and my own mind show me the contrary of what I'm thinking.

It's extremely frustrating.

I really do believe that I'll feel better about my life when I'll be in control. Maybe this is another case of "you've already accomplished goals you thought would make you happy".

Maybe it is, maybe it isn't; however, I'll never know until I try.

The one good thing about this realization is that I know exactly where to start.

I simply need to start introducing uncomfortableness in my life.

It's time to start 75HARD.

 
