---
title: 099 - I'm just confused right now.
date: 2024-11-24
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up naturally at a decent hour.
- Finally found a stove to buy on facebook marketplace (yes, I am impatient).
- Ate breakfast.
- Had a call with Rob and told him the news (and caught up with his news also).
- Went for a walk on this windy day + took out money to pay for the stove.
- Watched a sermon while eating lunch ([Watch, Act, Improve, Trust](https://youtu.be/DmNf-8PmBEc?si=x0d8QOlwNWu1M4nU))
- Did some chores after lunch (folded clothes + packed things to bring back at my mom's place + cleaned the old stove).
- Received my new stove (it looks great, happy I got a good deal).
- Went to go eat at my mom's place with Alex and his family.
- Came back home, cleaned the stove and cleaned my kitchen space.
- Finished Arcane (I'm not sure how I feel about it tbh).
---
I feel very conflicted with what to do with my time.

I'm not sure if I want to be active because I have the time to do so and am looking for ways to start anew

or

if I want to keep myself busy so that I don't have to think about JB.

Probably a combination of both if I had to be honest.

It'll be interesting to see how the next couple of days / weeks play out.

I'm curious to see how my work week will play out.

I already had less motivation to work, but now, knowing that I want to move on to the next chapter and have a broken heart are two more reasons to be even less motivated.

Yup, I'm just very confused at the moment and I'm not sure how to proceed.

During my walk today, I did figure out what I wanted to do in terms of fitness !

I'm aiming to run more, but also train more like Hyrox style.

It was actually something Rob proposed to me and I agree that it looks like fun and is less rigid than only going to the gym.

Besides that, I believe I need to set myself a start date for my active writing, if not, I'll just take it relax for a while.

Let me start this week.

Just thinking about it makes me nervous.

The sooner I start, the sooner I'll be able to deal with my nervousness and find a way to get over this obstacle.

I do enjoy writing, I think I just need to get over this fear of not writing well.
