---
title: 051 - Exhausted and ready for a reset day tomorrow.
date: 2024-10-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up + ate.
- I did a tiny bit of work this morning and setup a meeting for monday to discuss about a problem we're facing.
- 3h MBPC practice. (It was TOUGH today, I definitely need a break before this practice. Probably will take off Fridays and Sundays to recover / yoga).
- Bought flowers at my favourite place for JB's and I 2nd anniversary.
- Picked up JB, surprised her with the flowers, went back to my place.
- Nice relaxing night watching Pop Star Academy while she ate Pho and I ate cod (it was my first time cooking cod and it was not good haha. Too much salt).
- I'll open my walking treadmill with her !
- Go for my walk to end the night.
---
I don't have much for today.

I'm exhausted from my week.

I played badminton from Tuesday to Saturday nonstop and I can feel it in my body.

Mix that with a slight lack of sleep and this is the result.

The worse part is having to read at night.

I'm sometimes so tired that I feel like falling asleep while reading and it's not a pleasant feeling.

I will make sure to pay closer attention to my recovery (sleep and body).

As well as try to read during the day to avoid this situation.

I cannot wait to have a recharge day tomorrow.

I do still have lots of things to do, but I'm confident that I have enough time.

My throat is also acting up a bit today so hopefully, it'll go away after a good night's sleep.
