---
title: 068 - You are not your thoughts.
date: 2024-10-24
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Finally got a morning without demos.
- Busy preparing demos in the morning.
- Did some yoga.
- Gave some demos.
- Ate lunch while watching LL.
- Finishing all my 75HARD related things and wrapping the gift.
- Went for a walk.
- Bought myself some mandys.
- Coached at dawson (I really like coaching).
- Back home with JB.
---
These past 2 weeks have been great.

I've had my low points obviously.

Overall, they were great.

One thing I did that I loved is every time I had these low points, I was able to catch myself.

All the negative thoughts I was having, I was able to stop them and have a discussion with my brain to tell it to focus on other things instead.

Or sometimes, if these thoughts were useless in the present, for instance when thinking about my future and the uncertainty it holds, I was able to say "hey, you are worried and you're trying to keep me safe. I get that. The best way to keep me safe is to make sure that I don't do anything risky and stay in my comfortable position. If I do that though, I won't be happy. So thank you for being worried, but I do not need these thoughts right now."

And magically, I would instantly stop these negative thoughts.

The lesson here is that you are not your thoughts. You are a separate being and your thoughts are the creation of your brain, which are two entities.

When we understand what the brain wants and we are aware of what we want, we can recognize that these two things are sometimes not aligned and will create internal friction.

In these cases, we should make sure the driver is ourselves and not our brain, it is the best way to ensure our happiness.
