---
title: 103 - I put my trust in God.
date: 2024-11-28
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Work was work haha.
- Did a bit of online shopping for some new pants (will probably buy 2-3 uniqlo pants).
- Went for a small walk which always feels nice.
- Started Reacher Season 02 (such a good show, I only the Jack Reacher character).
- Searched up a few churches that I'd want to checkout and signed up for worship on Saturday.
- I opened up my bible for the first time today !
- Headed for MBPC practice and started listening to a [podcast with Danny Miranda + Tej Dosa + Jack Moses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ltagCtV3_M)
- Everything about how I want to live my life became clearer on that car ride while listening to the podcast.
- Told Nic that I'm planning to quit after December.
- Got back home, ate and watched 2 episodes of Reacher.
---
Today was a divine day on so many fronts and I want to always remember how I'm feeling right now.

I just have to put my trust in God.

I've always been one to try and plan for the future.

Actually, I've always tried to plan everything and always wanted to make sure that every decision I make was the right one.

There's only one way of doing that.

It's not thinking with my mind, but about acting and feeling with my body and soul.

You see, we are all children of God and he has a unique plan for each of us.

When a decision feels right, we physically feel it, we know that deep deep down inside of us, it is the right decision.

That's because God is telling us what the right decision is.

We simply don't listen to it sometimes.

A bunch of things come up in our human brains that we've learned from other people, from the content we consume, from the trauma that is within us and it stops us from making the right decision.

In reality, we all know what the right decision is because we can feel it.

Sometimes, it's also not the thing we want to do, we question ourselves as to "why do I have to make this decision" and the simplest answer to that is: "because it's part of the plan, it's part of His plan."

That very thought liberated me today.

I no longer have to think about the future or try to plan for something I have ultimately no control of.

I can only put my trust in Him that as long as I am acting in alignment then I am making the right decision... Even if I don't see it right now.

We may not always understand why we want to act a certain way, but for those of us who are truly in-tune with ourselves, it's impossible to lie to ourselves.

We always know. Our body knows. When we don't act in alignment, we have this bad, contracting feeling in our bodies and/or minds that tell us "you're lying to yourself right now".

I will remind myself of this every day because it's the most awesome feeling ever.

I feel more alive than ever and it's great.

Some things that I cannot explain why it happened in the moment make total sense when I look back on them.

For example, losing my ring.

I've had that ring since 2018 and it's been on my necklace that I've never lost, never broke or anything like that.

And last week, my necklace breaks randomly during a badminton practice and what happens 3 days later? JB and I break up.

I didn't even order a new ring. You know what you go perfectly on my necklace? A cross.

Note that I did not lose my necklace, but simply the ring. There's a reason for that !

It's a great representation of my transition.

I used to keep the ring on my necklace to remind myself that "I'm an engineer, I did the work necessary" and somehow thought that having a ring allowed me to identify as an engineer. Someone logical, calculating, etc.

Now that I've surrendered myself to whatever God plans to do with me, the lost of my ring is a subtle sign from him liberating me from my previous labels.

As if He were saying to me "you are no longer an engineer or whatever you thought you were, you are now a child of mine and I will guide you."

Just thinking about it gives me chills.

This is the start of a new journey and I'm very excited for it.
