---
title: 016 - Best Shower Head, Great Fruits and Collapse of Self-Help
date: 2024-08-27
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:**  

- I was not able to work as hard as I wanted to today. I used my tiredness as an excuse and it made it hard to get a flow going.
- Finished McFarland, USA and it's such a great movie ! I was ugly crying alone (tears of joy) in my kitchen at the end of it.
- Ate supper with JB.
- Went to the gym (always always feels good).
- Listened to 1 more hour of the Hormozi podcast on MW (my insights below).
- Had the best home shower experience ever (I'm so grateful that I can enjoy "little" things like this).
---
The first point I want to make is that having an actual good shower head is literally a life changing experience.

Okay, I don't know if it's life changing, at the end of the day, you're still taking a shower, but to feel completely relaxed, fresh, caressed by the water, you **need** a good shower head.

What's a good shower head? Simply 2 things:
1. Shower head that has a large surface area that can cover your body in water.
2. Pressure, pressure, pressure. Good pressure makes all the difference.

I have just received the best shower head that you can easily buy **and afford** which is a 60$ shower head from a random chinese company on amazon.

I don't know why I waited before getting it, we take showers literally every single day and I take them twice (one rinse, one wash).

This has hands down increased my shower experience by at least 30%.

I'm thinking of buying maybe 1 or 2 more just in case I need to replace this one in the future.

This is the shower head for future references: [Taiker Shower Head, 8 Inch High Pressure Rainfall Shower Head/Handheld Showerhead Combo with 11.5 Inch Adjustable Curved Arm, Anti-leak Shower Head with Holder/Hose, Flow Regulator, Chrome (Silver1)](https://www.amazon.ca/dp/B081ZVYQJ4)

The second point I want to make is that fresh fruits, when they are good, are sooooo fucking good.

I believe that people who do not like fruits have never tasted peak fruits, it's impossible not to like the greatest version of a fruit.

This batch of peaches and nectarines.... *chef's kiss*

Okay, now on to the last and final point, a bit more "serious" this time.

After listening to another hour of the Hormozi podcast on Modern Wisdom, I concluded that the whole self-help space is a bit useless.

What I mean by that is the number one thing that will help everyone, no matter what your self-help goal is, is to simply take action. Get started. Just do it. Go. Pai.

Yet, no one actually takes action. Instead, we spend hours upon hours upon hours trying to read the next book or watch the next video or listen to the next podcast that'll help us get a breakthrough.

It's a never ending cycle.

Alex Hormozi said it in the podcast, but if we listen to something that is useful and don't action it, we're essentially just entertaining ourselves and that's what the whole self-help industry has become ! Entertainment.

The proof is this, given these two scenarios, who is more likely to actually "help" themselves into their better version:
a. The person who listens to the 2 hour podcast with Alex Hormozi and apply everything they've heard in this one podcast without listening to another podcast or reading another self-help book, etc.

or

b. The person who listens to the 2 hour podcast with Alex Hormozi, then wakes up the next day and listens to another podcast and then another one and then another one and then another, etc.

Of course !

It's person A, yet, what do most of us do? We act exactly like person b except we do it with books, youtube videos, posts, reels and tik tok videos also.

The only caveat I will say though is that it took me many years to get to this understanding. It's by reading countless different books, listening to podcasts and watching youtube videos with no clear sign of progression in my life that I realized this.

If there is one area the "self-help" industry should help with is "how do you reduce the distance between when someone thinks about an action and when they take it".

Everything else, I think, is more entertainment than usefulness.
