---
title: 064 - Writing, I choose you !
date: 2024-10-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Early and long MBPC practice, but I felt great throughout the whole practice.
- Did some groceries at Avril.
- Started a new show called Lincoln Lawyer (it's good so far, reminds me a bit of shows like Suits, Billions, White Collar, etc.)
- Did a bit of house chores.
- Ate at my mom's place with JB.
- Took a walk.
---
I'm looking forward to the end of 75HARD so that I can concentrate on my purpose.

For now, I am making sure to enjoy my current journey while trying not too think too much about what's going to come next.

I've been pondering the last few days about my first step for H(by)  - for those who have not been following, this is HAPPIER (by you) but abbreviated - and although workshops and live events are definitely something I want to do, my heart and soul is telling me to start with writing.

Writing has always been a part of my journey, I first started on hughsambros.com where I was writing my brother about our monthly challenges, then moved to Medium in 2019, then substack, then nichughsam.com, then moved back on substack (THE JRNY) and then 2 years ago I was on nijahusa.com and, finally, I am now on here (also forgot about my personal physical diaries).

All this to say, I've been writing a lot throughout the years and even though it never brought me any external success, I always come back to it and I think there's a reason for that.

The reason being I love writing. It's as simple as that.

However, I must admit that I personally find the quality of my writing is definitely not the best at the moment.

If anything, I think my writing style back in 2019 when I first started was better (https://medium.com/@nickjhs).

I've now integrated parts of copywriting into my style, which makes it easier to read, but I write way too much like I speak.

There's literally no difference between the thoughts in my head and how I write.

Consequently, I'd like to get back more seriously into writing.

I usually try to write these without any thought by spending 10-15 minutes every night.

It shows in the quality in my opinion haha.

*JB sequence coming throughhhh: Hello boo boos! It's been a while since I last interrupted a blog of yours. Just wanted to say that I am still grateful for you up until this very day and hope JB will be sponsored by Oasis one day! Must manifest it. You are my favourite human being in the whole entire world. You know me inside and out and I can't imagine spending the rest of my life with anyone other than YOU. I love you to the moon and back! JB hihihi. Sequence over - Oh! And thank you for washing me green grapes!*

I hope ya'll enjoyed JB's intermission - I love you too JB !

As I was saying, with one of my known goal to write a book, I will definitely need to beef up my writing skills so why not start now?

I am looking forward to write more seriously again.

Peace !




