---
title: 160 - A life worth living.
date: 2025-01-30
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Had some good work discussions with my manager and the rest of the team.
- Smashed another meeting with a potential customer, where I wasn't afraid to speak up.
- Bought another hoodie at GU (why am I addicted to hoodies haha).
- My phone died and I didn't really care. I was just being more present.
- Incredible night / time with AN going to bars and DRINKING, eating ramen and getting gelato.
- I felt BUZZED for the first time without feeling sleepy and it was INCREDIBLE. Everything just felt more smooth on top of my already positive energy.
- Vibed really hard with the rest of the team at this trip's final supper, I really was just present, being myself, joking around, being non-filtered, saying the truth and just having a good time overall.
- Ran for little bit and didn't feel any pain !
---

Yoooooooooooooo, this has been such an amazing work trip.

I didn't think I'd ever say that, I thought I was missing out on my habits or there was too much socializing, but nuh uh, not this trip.

I had a wonderful time bonding with the whole team, getting closer and I think I now have a good relationship with all the team members.

The secret to my magic during this work trip was almost to have unfounded confidence in myself and really believing that I'm good at my job, being a good hang and, ultimately, wanting to help companies automate by choosing the best platform for their needs aka us.

I didn't have to lie this whole trip and I love it.

Being candid and unfiltered has been such a joy compared to how I used to live life.

I used to be scared of being myself or saying the things on my mind or overthinking whether or not people would like me or not.

Now, I don't give a damn in the best sense possible.

I know that I am awesome in a very non-narcissistic way.

I just love to vibe with people and get to know them without having any boundaries or barriers.

I get that this doesn't work with everybody, but I'm at a point where I can recognize who I can truly vibe with and who I do not.

I simply just don't hang out with people that I can't vibe with. It doesn't energize me.

Talking about energy, this is a huge change.

I literally feel like I have infinite energy even though it's probably not true at all.

I'm not sure if one day I'll crash or something, but I haven't slept a ton during this trip and yet, I have a lot of energy, I'm like an energizer bunny or a crackhead squirrel like AT would say.

Another thing I want to point out is that my life goes well when I don't think about "I should be doing X", this is such a pervasive thought that never really helped me.

A concrete example is my situation with AV, I thought about things like "I should not do this because it hasn't been long enough" or "I should not do this because I am scared of XYZ" and ultimately, no matter what I try to think logically about, I am driven by my feelings and I can try to stop my feelings, but they're still going to be there.

I'm just getting in my own goddamn way, all the time.

Whatever happens, happens.

I can only know how I feel in this very moment, I don't know sh*t about the future so instead of trying to stop something from happening, let me do the thing I want to do right now and whatever comes up, I will deal with it then.

Another example is the thing with my career at DG.

I am so happy right now, with my salary, with my role, with the team, yet, not long ago, I was thinking about switching roles to become manager so that in the future, I can be a manager elsewhere and "chill" or have my future secured.

Why the heck would I ruin a good thing right now by overthinking about my future when, in reality, I don't know what being a manager looks like.

If I were unhappy about my job, I then just need to know my true feelings and see why I am unhappy.

I then address the reasons why I am unhappy with my manager or with my team and try to solve the problem.

At the moment though, there really is no problem.

Even money wise, I'm not really stressing, I'm getting paid good.

If anything, I'm being slightly liberal with my spending, which I can just decrease a bit and I'll be good.

Last thing I want to add is that this is my new baseline.

I am never been happier in my life and it's 100% a mentality.

I don't want to come down from this high and it is sustainable. The proof is that when I really felt tired, I just slept early to recover.

My attitude towards life did not change though.

I was still just a good vibe seeker, going with the flow (like going to dinner with AN and his friend today), not taking life seriously (except when it requires it like at work) and just being myself.

I am not very good at it yet, but when I get into my next relationship, I want it to be 100% honest and I don't want to be afraid of speaking my mind at all.

Sometimes it might seem hurtful and there might be some things that we'll disagree about, but I am saying these things because this is what I require.

It's not about "take it or leave it", it's about knowing that for my best, happiest self, this is what I need.

I am not coming down from this new baseline and a relationship that doesn't allow me to live in this baseline is simply not for me.

I want to explore the world, gain new experiences, learn more about anything and everything.

I believe if I keep my life this way forever, I will live a rich life, filled with memories, time will pass more slowly (new experiences lead to time seeming longer aka 1 rich week feels like 1 month) and it'll be a life worth living.

Also last note, it's very very interesting that ever since I've been living this way, I have no desire for sex.

I don't watch porn anymore and I haven't thought about sex in a while.

It's as if my life is so rich, filled with so many positive emotions, that I don't need this anymore.

It's so weird, yet, I also know that when the time will come, I'll be ready to do it with someone I love.
