---
title: 170 - life is simple, we overcomplicate it.
date: 2025-08-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
I tend to overcomplicate things.

I realize a lot of my time is spent overcomplicating a task or a goal that I set for myself.

This is one area I want to master.

If I'm able to become an expert 80/20-er, I'm sure I'll feel more at peace and I'll eventually want to use this skill to help others.

Before starting this article, I thought quite a while on why exactly we overcomplicate.

Fear was the only answer that came up.

"Oh, but it's not that simple." is a phrase that I've heard very often and I 100% disagree with it now.

I believe that everything can be simplified and we're overcomplicating it either because we want to delay the action part or we fear getting it wrong.

There's also a societal problem where I feel like people need to make things more complicated than they seem in order to sell.

Imagine a piece of content on fitness that simply said "exercise regularly, eat well and sleep well."

That would be the end of it. No one would be interested because it's "too simple."

Yet, this is exactly what fitness is about. There's no secret sauce, there's no magic recipe.

Most people who do not follow these simple instructions do not need more fitness content, what they need to understand is why they're not exercising regularly, eating well and sleeping well.

Yes, there will always be exceptions.

There will be people who want to push the boundaries, people who absolutely love fitness and want to be on the cutting edge of what's new. And those people are absolutely needed in order to make more discoveries and advance fields.

But everyone else?

Exercise regularly, eat well, sleep well.

I'll make another example taken from my own life.

I thought about wanting to write more and I started reading articles to passively learn how to write better.

I might have thought of taking a course, watching youtube videos or consuming more content.

All these things are good, but they're over-complications.

If I want to write better, I simply need to write more.

Write more, read my writing, iterate.

I don't know what the science behind this is, but if I can write an article, leave it for 1 week, read it again, understand it and think it slaps, then I'm 95% sure it'll be a good article.

I do want to note this is aligned with my goal of writing.

I write as a means to organize and express my thoughts more clearly.

And this is also important.

We overcomplicate because we don't know who we are and what we want.

People sell by creating fear and since we don't know what we want, we fear endlessly, we overcomplicate endlessly.

Even writing this article is a prime example of fear and overcomplicating.

This whole time, I've been continuously writing and thinking to myself "wow, this probably really sucks" and the reality is that, yes, it probably does suck.

It's normal.

This is my first time writing in 2 months and before that it had been 3 other months. 2 articles in 5 months is nothing.

How can I expect anything, but suckiness with this level of output?

However, if my goal is to become better at writing, I simply need to show up tomorrow or the next day and write again.

Better yet, open the same article, edit it and I'll probably see a better version than the one I want.

Life is simple, we simply overcomplicate.
