---
title: 149 - Alphanique, remote work & better human.
date: 2025-01-13
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Decent day at work, I started getting into old procrastination patterns again, but was able to stop myself.
- Started looking at maybe doing a remote work trip in south america (inspired by AH's upcoming trip).
- Watched an episode of Shrinking during lunch.
- Went to the gym (I had a stiff calf today, hopefully, it'll get better).
- I did a courageous thing that is aligned with who I want to be.
- Finished Shrinking Season 2 (what an unbelievable show 10/10 for me, it made me cry so much).
---
3 things for today.

1- I am a different person right now
I know that with RH we're joking about it, but being alphanique is definitely a thing right now. I overthink way less, I am more action oriented, I don't seem to be too worried about the details or I know that I'll be able to figure it out.

It's quite interesting that this came about after a breakup. I don't really know why.

Maybe it's similar to having an actual loss or a near death experience where I suddenly realize that I was taking life way too seriously, that I should enjoy life more and really solidified what are the important things in my life.

I'm looking forward to the development in the upcoming days, I almost wanted to stop writing my blog, but I guess even writing a little bit is better than nothing.

One big win I did today is cold approach a random girl at the gym that I found attractive. It was every brief, I know that approaching at the gym is a weird / tricking situation. I simply told her my name, asked if she was single to which she politely said that she was but wasn't looking for anything right now and then proceeded to tell her that she was pretty and to have a nice day.

I honestly did not care much for the outcome (of course, had it been positive, it would have been a plus), I am simply proud of myself to have done that in the first place. I knew I would be disappointed had I not taken my shot and I did.

2- Why have I not taken advantage of my remote work situation
It's a bit of a silly realizing.

Having absolutely no office in North America sucks big time; however, the positive thing is that my work doesn't care from where I work as long as I do my work during my hours.

This means, I can just do remote work trips.

I can explore the US, I can explore south america AND be paid throughout all that.

I am definitely going to try and organize a quick trip to south / latin america on a yolo mode.

The thought of traveling alone scares me a bit, but I think it's something I need to experience.

3- Watching Shrinking makes me a better human being
That show is such a human gem.

I'm not sure how else to describe it.

It's so good at describing and showing us the human experience.

Everyone in the show are good people who are not perfect and, ultimately, I think that's exactly what being human is.

It inspires me to try and show up as a better human being and to want to have a positive impact on the world.

I'm not sure if I want to exactly be a life coach, I know I want to genuinely help people.

I'm even starting to think about doing something with tech.

I am not passionate about tech, but I am good at it, I know it and I can possibly leverage my skills to have a positive impact somewhere.

Maybe leverage ai-coding to create some sort of non-profit to help "good" organizations with tech?

Or just volunteer more.

Or just be more present for my loved ones.

I'm not sure, it does inspire me tremendously though and I know this is a better path to fulfillment.
