---
title: 162 - I need activities that shut off my brain.
date: 2025-02-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Went to the gym with AHV.
- Work session at a coffee shop with AV.
- Very bad gym session (didn't eat + thinking a lot).
- Cooked some pretty bad pasta hahahah.
- Bloc session alone.
---

Honestly this whole situation with AV has definitely made me go from alphasonique to thetanique real quick.

It doesn't help that I then compare myself to my alphasonique self and am looking for ways to get back or am asking myself "why am I no longer like this".

A lot of overthinking.

Today was especially bad, I'm not sure if it's because I did not sleep well last night (I woke up like 3 times I think), but I had a mental explosion.

Like literally, my mental imploded while eating supper, I couldn't think, I just wanted to take a nap at that point.

Somehow, I got myself to bloc shop and holyshit, it totally changed my mental state.

This is a very important lesson for my operation manual.

I need to do activities 2 or 3 times a week where I can just clear my mind.

Badminton used to do exactly this and blocshop did it for me today, but it just keeps me sane.

My mental state before and after is night and day, no jokes.

The gym is not enough, there's too much downtime and running is even worse since thinking is the only thing I can do.

Life is back to normal for now, it's an interesting chapter though, going through the ups and downs.

It's part of life and I just need to remember to stay present and have fun in life.
