---
title: 164 - The start of Argentina.
date: 2025-02-17
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Café work session with AV (quite productive while doing Pomodoro).
- A rather overthought conversation at night with AV (borderline too much).
- Solo blocshop session.
- Watched Singles Inferno ep11 with RH.
- Singles Inferno Season Finale with RH, CD and RY (what a wonderfully wholesome and heart filling night).
- Valentine's Day with AV (restaurant + arcade + lego building / connecting).
- Really good gym session.
- Spent the night with AV again (a lot of oxytocin + dopamine released).
- Sleep deprived week to be honest.
- Packed and got ready for my argentina trip.
- Crazy ass snow storm, but we are here now.
- 2 Lounges done.
- Layover in Brasil.
---

wow wow wow.

Where do I even start?

This week has been a whirlwind of all the possible emotions and the intensity was quite high.

All in all, it's going well with AV and I'm very happy.

I still have my scares and so does she, but I believe we both want this to work out and, at the moment, this is all we really need.

Definitely not the smoothest of start, in fact, it is quite challenging, but I no longer see this as a bad thing.

Things get complicated when you take two people that have trauma (for me, scared of a sudden breakup and for her, fear of losing her rock again) and put them together.

The fact that it hasn't been smooth and that we're progressing forward just shows that we both want this despite the challenges and that's a good thing, especially at the beginning.

This trip to argentina will be a good opportunity for me to reconnect with my sense of self.

I think the sense of comfort, excitement and interesting I feel when I'm with AV swayed me a bit from who I am. I was able to catch myself trying to mold her a bit more and feeling slight pressure to be her perfect partner instead of just being myself.

I am aware of it so I know I'll focus on this during this trip.

It's about regaining the absolute confidence in who I am as a person.

I will also attempt to fix my sleep schedule, the combination of nice weather + new environment will help.

Ultimately on this trip, I just wish to have fun, be grateful for the opportunity and enjoy it.

3 weeks will go by very quickly if I have fun and I'll be back in no time.

To end this off, I wish to regain back my sense of self, fix my sleeping schedule, stay in the moment and that AV and I will grow stronger from this as a unit.

VAMOS !
