---
title: 169 - just a little catch up.
date: 2025-06-15
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- I'm no longer wearing a boot for my achilles tendon.
- I started doing physio.
- It's been 3 months with AV.
- Attended her brother's wedding (it was such a fun night).
- Spending a lot of time with AV.
- Attended CD's live Q&A and kickstart launch.
- RH's birthday.
- RY's birthday.
- Too many things.
---
wow, I haven't written in a hot minute.

to be honest, I also haven't spent a lot of time with myself and my thoughts.

the relationship is going great and it's the main thing in my life right now.

i'm obviously still working and going to the gym to keep myself active.

i bought myself a piano to start playing and booked my first meeting with a viet teacher to learn the language.

but mostly though, i just love spending time with AV.

i'm in a very confusing mind space at the moment. According to chatGPT, it's because i'm going through a "transition" phase where i'm leaving my old mentality and stepping into a new one.

the old one is really about performance, doing things and having to prove myself all the time.

the new one is simply about living in the present moment.

there's still a part of me that wants to do things and i'm currently figuring out if i want to do those things to prove myself like before or if it's because i genuinely enjoy doing those things.

i'm also in some sort of limbo at work. I'm becoming busier and the deal sizes are getting bigger; however, i don't know where i'm going with it.

i guess in some ways, it also doesn't matter where i'm going with it.

if i show up every day, do my work and get things done, then maybe that's all there is to it.

i'm conflicted about whether or not i should care more about my work and perhaps it'll open up more doors and opportunities for me to do things i enjoy more.

on the other hand, if i don't enjoy my work much, it's harder to find motivation to care about the work i am doing.

it's a classic chicken and egg problem.

i just had a random thought pop into my head.

there are two things i really love that are related to work:

the first one is communication. getting better at communicating whether it's written or verbal is something that i'm interested in. i feel like good communication is crucial in every aspect of our lives.

the second one is solving problems. i remember not too long ago trying to help AV solve a coding problem and i enjoyed it so much.

i believe i didn't enjoy the role of a software developer too much because it was lacking the communication part.

now, i think the sales engineering part has the communication part, but is missing the problem solving part.

in some way, even the POCs that i do, even though i am delivering on them, it's no longer hard.

all the POCs have become easy and i'm no longer solving anything, it's no longer challenging.

could it be that this was the revelation that i was missing all these years?

for instance, i'm thinking of starting podcast and i couldn't see myself ONLY talking.

even if the podcast blew up, i knew that i wouldn't love doing that all the time.

great, this was a good session.
