---
title: 168 - Lo que es para ti; nadie te lo quita so just be yourself.
date: 2025-03-31
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Many late nights with AV.
- Started watching the tangerine kdrama with AV.
- First bouldering session with AV.
- Kim Jian with RH.
- Restarted badminton more seriously again.
- I got my ears pierced.
- La Ligne Rouge with AV.
- First hip hop dancing class with ST in like 10 years +.
- Gym with mom again + learning more Vietnamese.
- First therapy session with this new therapist.
---
It's a bit funny because I am now mostly writing when I am in a good mood whereas I believe I should be writing when I'm in a bad mood to get things out.

There is clear correlation between lack of sleep and negative intrusive thoughts.

One would think I'd do everything possible to avoid lack of sleep, but in reality, when I'm with AV, I just want to spend as much time with her as possible leading to many late late nights (talking about 4-5am).

That's exactly what happened yesterday and that's why today I found myself battling a few inner demons.

The positive side of this whole situation is that I'll know exactly when I'll be 100% myself again.

When I'll be able to spend time alone, do absolutely nothing and be chill with it.

Right now, it's not always the case. I am definitely improving and it's never as bad as pre-Argentina, but there's a little sum sum there.

I usually get out of my funk by going to the gym or doing some time of focused task.

However, today, I was able to get out of my funk alone by simply meditating.

As in my previous post, the secret to getting myself back to "normal" is simply embracing and loving myself.

Not only that, it's also about having the belief that I am doing my very best every day and if it's not enough, then there's nothing more I can do.

I tend to apply this to the relationship, but it's really something I should apply in every area of my life.

I will definitely not go in the extreme and tell myself "I'll never compromise myself for anyone else" as I feel like it'll just put more stress on me.

There's a balance that needs to be achieved and the overall feeling is "this is me, this is what I like / dislike and I'm awesome / proud of who I am".

There's no overly positive feelings such as "I AM WONDERFUL" and there's no overly negative feelings such "fuck you if you don't like me".

It's more of a calm, serene, rock or pond-like sentiment.

It's the internal feeling that all I ever need to do in life is be myself and it's enough for myself.

It might not be enough for someone else, it might not be enough for the relationship, it might not be enough at work, it might not be enough for a certain friendship, but it's truly a losing battle to try and not be myself just to keep things in my life that should not be.

"Lo que es para ti, nadie te lo quita".

What is meant for me, my true me / true self, will never be taken away.

And I just need to lean into this feeling and ride it all the way.

If I need to change myself or bend over backwards to keep something in my life, no matter how great it is, it will be a losing battle in the long-term because I won't be able to maintain it.

Shit will eventually break and I'm just delaying the process.

The only only thing I should be concentrating on right now, every day is just being myself and doing what feels right for me.

I am naturally caring, loving, kind and considerate, it will be in my nature to adjust any harmful behaviour that might arise, but it's important that I stay loyal to myself when I adjust.

I really need to find a way to remind myself of this exact mentally when things go wrong.

It will recenter me and keep me sane.


