---
title: 138 - My 2025 plan.
date: 2025-01-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Went to Royal Mount to catch up with DVLH (it was a good time).
- Bought myself 3 small things from Uniqlo.
- Planned 2025.
- Started watching  "The Most Notorious Talker Run's the World's Greatest Clan" aka Talker anime.
- Finished the night by watching a bunch of Squid Games Season 2.
---
**2024 Retrospective**
Every beginning of a new year, I always hate doing retrospective stuff because I cannot remember most of what happened during the year, especially the first 6 months.

This year, I want to be intentional about it and create some sort of list that I can revisit at the end of the year and remember all the awesome things that happened.

I will start by simply creating a Note called "List of Awesome 2025 Edition".

**My 2025 North Stars**
This year, I want to be:
- **Present**. I spent too much time last year zoning out when I was bored or thinking of other things while being with people. I want to fully enjoy and immerse myself in whatever I'm doing. This includes work. If I am too tired and don't feel like working, instead of wasting time on the computer, I want to go take a nap or do light tasks. I do not want to mindlessly scroll to pass the time.
- **Trusting in God**. This year, I want to see where life takes me. Let go of the reigns and just go with the flow. Yes, I'll have my foundation of things I want to keep like gymming, etc. but if an opportunity presents itself to go somewhere or hangout with friends, then I want to do that. I spent the last few months of 2024 too focused and scared of not completing 75hard that I really missed the life that was playing in front of me and I don't want to repeat this in 2025.
- **Connected to my loved ones**. I've spent the majority of my life being pretty selfish about my time. It led me to places, but it also left me somewhat unfulfilled. This year, I want to connect more with friends and family. Perhaps connect once or twice per week minimum even at the expense of my own "priorities".
- **Unserious, Light-hearted**. I want to spend 80% of my time in a light, unserious mood and only 20% of my time in a serious mood. Everything has been so serious the past 3-4 years where I needed to figure shit out and whatnot. I want to joke around more, be light-hearted, be kind and I want people who hangout with me to have a good time. This also applies to when I hangout with myself.
- **Candid**. Truthful, open and clear communication is the key to all great relationships. I have spent much of my time delaying conversations or being untruthful about certain topics in fear of hurting the people around me. I learned that this behaviour usually makes things worse in the long term.
- **Action**. I've done a lot of waiting in life. Mainly because I'm always scared of the potential consequences of my actions or I want to make sure that I please people to the max. Sometimes, I'm just lazy for no reason and make up silly excuses not to do things. In combination of the other values, I want to change that this year.

**Goals for 2025:**
- Run a sub-4 marathon
- 1 international trip
- 1 open-mic performance
- 6 mini adventures
- Find and create 1 thing that even if it amounts to absolutely nothing, I will be happy to have done (the DOING makes me happy).

**My 2025 Mood**
Listen, this happens every year.

You're used to this now. 

You will feel a certain way at the beginning of the year and then in 1-2 months, you'll start to slip.

You'll start to question everything and you'll want to take control of your future.

You want certainty that you won't regret your life; that it won't be in vain.

Ultimately, you can't control anything related to the future.

You just gotta **trust God with it**.

The important factor is to be motherf*cking **present** throughout everything you do. The more present you are, the more you'll feel like you're actually living life.

Even if you find it boring or whatever, this is the life you're living. It's that sh*t that's in front of you.

Stop trying to be Alice in Wonderland and imagine a better future in your head only to be disappointed about what's in front of you.

That world, that life, that version of you that's in your head, are not real.

The only thing you can control is what's in front of you, the things you are doing at this moment, today.

You wanting to imagine a better life and all the grandiose things you want to do in your mind is just escaping reality.

At the end of the day, you'll either do it or you won't.

You imagining it won't help and, knowing you, it will actually harm you because once you imagine it, you won't feel motivated to do it anymore.

The plan is to stick with DG for the year unless some other great opportunity presents itself.

If you know that you'll be working at your job for the whole year, how can you make it less miserable?

Better yet, how can you make it decent? Better yet, how can you make it good? Can you maybe even make it great?

In order to have it be good, you need to not take it so seriously.

Everyone in business thinks that everything is so important, everything is so serious, but it's really not.

If you start to get dragged into the business world, you'll start stressing about "oh no, what will they think of me if I don't do a good job" or "oh no, am I being a bad employee".

Those thoughts are what kill you, those thoughts are what make you miserable.

Do a good job, but be **unserious**, be **light-hearted**, wake up every day and be thankful that you have a great paying job that allows you to work from home and pretend to do life altering sh*t.

Also, don't wait for permission, if you want to do something that you think will make things better, just do it. Take **action**.

The worst thing that will happen is that they'll fire you and that's exactly what you wanted at the end of 2024.

You wanted to leave that place anyway.

If you do something for the greater good of the company and they cannot see that or want to listen to why you did it, you can't do jack about that.

Just **go with the flow**.

Do not lose who you are and who you want to be for this job. It's simply not worth it, you've done enough sacrificing over the years.

Outside of work, do the things that bring you joy and **spend time with your loved ones**.

What is this life for?

Imagine doing all these great things only to have absolutely no one at the end of it all.

You're at your funeral and there's barely any people there because you chose to always do your own thing.

No, life is about sharing experiences & connecting with other people, with people that you love.

Remember that feeling of finally getting to know your cousins a little bit better.

Wasn't that f*cking awesome?

Remember that feeling of spending the holidays with your friends, just talking, being present, elevating your moods and connecting at a deeper level?

Wasn't that awesome?

Yes it was.

So don't lose sight of what truly matters in life. It's not at all about success.

Forget about traditional success, you're not even unsuccessful right now.

If you want to compare yourself with people, you're actually probably ahead of the majority of your generation / age group.

What you've been chasing so far will only lead you to misery.

Life is not about being productive, it's not about making money, it's not about having freedom of time, it's not about trying to change the world, it's not about hustling, it's not about trying to impact as many people as possible, it's not about unf*cking the world...

No, life is simply about being present and experiencing **this** exact moment with all your senses.

So this year, focus all your attention on things that you enjoy doing... like the act of doing them brings you joy.

Don't think about sacrificing this present moment for a future maybe potential better moment.

This thinking has not led you to where you want to be so it's time to try something different.

I have high hopes that once you do this, you will find clarity in what you are seeking.

Finally, whenever you are interacting with anyone that matters to you, remember to be **candid**.

You're always scared to be misunderstood or to hurt the other person, but anyone who actually loves you, who care for you, who want to be in your life, will always ask to clarify instead simply assuming.

You have good intentions and everything you say and do has a good reason behind it.

Just muster up the courage and let the words flow out of your mouth. You will know what to say in that moment.

Everyone who loves you appreciates candor especially because it comes from a well intended place.

This is the path to deeper, realer and more cherished connections.

Read this whole thing as often as you need throughout the year.

Good luck, my friend.




 
 

