---
title: 161 - A reminder about death.
date: 2025-02-02
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Ate a final NYC breakfast (Leon's bagel).
- Called AV at the airport before going back home.
- Watched SI ep7 with RH.
- Went to the most random CNY event (network / turn up event) with RH and met up with AT there.
- Ate at Hawgs Deli (it was good, but I was also suuuper hungry).
- Met up with AV and had a really good / fun conversation at a coffee shop (things are no longer blocked).
- Final singing lesson - recorded for my teacher's content (I sang Someone You Loved by Lewis Capaldi).
- Went to the gym (leg started feeling iffy after ~3km).
- Cooked a quick supper with RH and had a very relaxing yap + SI night for the first time in a while (it felt reallyyyyy nice).
- Had a call with AHS.
- Went to go visit ST and AN to see her dog before they put her down :(
- Celebrated CNY with my family (we hosted for the first time, it was only 2 families).
---

I had a discussion with my mom today about the recent plane and helicopter crash.

It got me thinking about death a whole lot.

It's crazy and very sad to think about how sudden and unexpected the deaths were.

Especially given the fact that I was on a plane just 3 days ago coming back to Montreal.

A part of me thought "wow, that could have been me."

Imagine, I'm just living my life, having just ended a call with AV, on my way back, thinking about what direction my life will take when I get back and then boom, all black. There's no getting back, there's no life direction, what I did up to that point is all I had and I didn't know about it. I just assumed I had all the time in the world. And I was wrong.

I don't necessarily think it's sustainable and healthy to live every single day literally like it was my last day, but these unexpected events definitely makes me rethink how I want to spend my time and how I want to show up in my life.

If this are my last moments with my mom, maybe I should hug her a little tighter.

If this the last conversation I have with my brother, maybe I should enjoy it a bit more and let him know that he matters to me.

If these are my last moments with my friends, maybe I should be more present.

If this is the last time I can love, maybe I shouldn't hold back my feelings.

If this is my last day, maybe I should be a bit more free and honest with myself.

These are the thoughts that I have and it scares me a little bit haha.

I definitely should not think about it too much as to not trip myself up; however, ignoring these thoughts would also be irresponsible of me.

This is reality and I thoroughly believe that when it's your time to die, it's your time to die.

We all wish that we'll live long lives and die at 85+.

But sometimes life has other plans and knowing that this is a possibility, I think it's important to integrate a bit of "this might be my last day" into my life in order to go out peacefully.

