---
title: 159 - The essence of alphanique.
date: 2025-01-29
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Work trip in NYC.
- Visited 2 customers and did 2 remote demos.
- Loved NYC vibes and being with the team, it's exhausting, but I am very present and just doing great work.
- I thought for the first time this trip "wow, I really love sales" (because I am selling a product that I am very knowledgeable in and I believe in and I know it can solve the customer's pain points).
- Made some great connections and bonded much more than I thought with some NYC customers.
- NYC pizza hits different.
---

I had some great conversations that really shed a light on my current situation.

1. For relationships to work, the guy must be more in love with the girl (this sounds very counter-intuitive, but I think there's some truth to it - girls give more usually and the guy needs to be more in love to counter-balance that).
2. NG said that she wants to live all her emotions and I think that's the essence of being alphanique.
3. You never know what's going to happen until it happens, might as well just try and see.
4. We often overcomplicate things.

This work trip has taught me a lot and the biggest lesson I got is being present.

It is one of my 2025 values and I'm doubling down on it after this trip.

Life can be so so simple.

And when life is simple, it's usually great.

We spend so much time overcomplicating things for the simple reason that we have fears.

We have fears and we create scenarios in our heads that may or may not happen, yet we usually decide to make decisions based on the safe route.

That is definitely not being alphanique at all.

Behind all the highs and the joys of being alphanique, the essence is within being present.

During the good times and also during the bad times.

Without asking yourself too many questions on whether your feelings are valid or whether you should be feeling them or whether this is the right thing to do, etc.

Just take things as they come, if there's a problem, find a solution for it.

"Pas de problemes, que des solutions."

My two main fears are things that I honestly cannot control.

No amount of time alone and single will ever solidify my fears.

Right now, I already know how I want to be in a relationship.

It's the exact same way I am now.

I am free, I am light, I joke around, I don't think too much, I am present, I laugh, I am not worried or stressed about the future, I am present, I take things as they come, I just deal with the situation, I don't beat myself up, I have fun, I feel more creative, I don't want to escape, I want to be right here, right now.

Most likely, for the past 2 months, there have been no moment or times where I have ever ever regretted a single decision I've made.

If I could go back at any point and time during these 2 months, I would take the exact same actions that I took now and isn't that the best f*cking feeling ever.

If I do this for the rest of my life, I will definitely die with the biggest smile on my face.

Why? Because I lived.

Everyone that I am asking advice on this does not necessarily want me to live in happiness, they simply want me not to suffer.

And it's not exactly the same thing, they all mean well, I know it, but their advice is the safe route.

It's the equivalent of being a doctor or a pharmacist.

It's also all they know.

I love my job, I love my colleagues, I love going to the gym, I love climbing, I love hanging out with my friends, I love having late late night discussions, I love waking up slightly tired, I love going to sleep early, I love writing my thoughts, I love listening to music, I love thinking of making music, I love spending time with my family, I love drinking water, I love being able to go on free work trips... I simply love my life.

I have not gotten here by overthinking and overcomplicating, on the contrary, every decision I've made these past 2 months have started with a feeling, following that feeling and accepting everything that comes afterwards.

ALPHANIQUE.


