---
title: 152 - Work is better and I just want to vibe now.
date: 2025-01-16
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Slow morning at work.
- Took some time to vibe on some french music.
- Had some really nice meetings and did some great demos.
- Cooked some greens for lunch.
- Discovered that Hinge and FB dating seem to be the best platforms.
- Had a great lower body gym session where I talked to a dude called Kevin.
- Watched episode 4 of Singles Inferno (wow, Yuk Jun-Seo and Jang Theo are certainly memorable).
- Started doing a bit of researching for buenos aires (I think I'm a bit scared of going alone lol).
---
I feel so good during the day, what a crazy difference in attitude and mood.

This also lets me sleep less hours and still have full of energy throughout the whole day.

I'm currently working, writing, listening to French Rap (que du francais) and I'm vibing.

I feel so happy, light-hearted.

Here are few a things I changed about my work attitude that might contribute to how I'm feeling:
- I no longer fantasize about what other things I could be doing. I used to think about all the things I could be doing instead of working and, ultimately, it's just day dreaming. I am doing what I'm doing right now and if I would be doing something, I would.
- I no longer think about the "impact" I'm having or my role in the grand scheme of things. I'm just concentrating on making sure I feel good in this moment. When I'm working, I don't think about what I'm doing or what impact it has. You want me to do a task, I just make sure I do it and that's it. I setup the mood so that it's enjoyable and I lock in. Completing the task is my only goal.
- I no longer care about proving myself at work. I'm not climbing the ladder, I'm not aiming for a promotion, I'm not scared of getting fired and I'm not worried about "being a good sales engineer". I just do my work as I should and when I feel like helping or doing something else, I do it. If I don't feel like doing it, then I just take a seat back and let someone else do it.
- My workload is manageable. I am not overwhelmed at work, I do have some periods where it gets intense, but I make sure that it never gets crazy. If it's too crazy for a long long period of time, I'll have a talk with my manager and if nothing changes, I'm not afraid of just leaving, again, I have no work ego.

While I'm in this mood and vibe, I think about life in general and what I would want out of it.

There's nothing really about business.

I sometimes have ideas of helping people by using technology; however, it's more of philanthropic / volunteer view and not something that'll be "my next thing".

I've never been more in-tune with myself and I'm no longer being delusional. I see things much clearer in my heart.

There are really only 4 things on my mind right now:

1- Making music. French rap, learning the production or working with someone to create music with meaning that's also a vibe. Good melodies.
2- Learning a language to communicate with people and just talk, have discussions about life.
3- Being around people, creating a nice vibe, good laughing environment.
4- Aligning more and more with who I truly am and becoming more confident in my true self.
