---
title: 165 - Mucho discovery about myself in Argentina.
date: 2025-02-24
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- First day in Argentina and first supper with AH.
- Work from the first airbnb, a lot of talking about how I felt / being scared and anxious about this trip to AH.
- First midnight runner run around BA, made 2 friends / connections in BA.
- A lot of thoughts, anxiousness, uncertainty. Trying to balance the relationship with AV, re-discovering myself on this trip, trying to find things to do to make my time worth it.
- Things are going well with AV, a lot more communication than I thought on her part which reassured me and made me more confident about our relationship.
- San Telmo Market, long walk, empanadas and ice cream with AH.
- Solo bouldering session in BA where I met another connection.
- Sense of loneliness and uncertainty are slowly decreasing.
- Started my little bday surprise gift for AV.
- Took a flight to Puerto Iguazu.
- First hostel stay, AH and I made a new connection.
- Visited the Argentinian side of Iguazu Falls, while getting a much needed therapy session with AH HAHA (thank you though).
- Highlight of the Argentinian side was the small waterfall where we got to swim and took pictures.
- Supper at La mamma (really good pasta) at Puerto Iguazu.
- Had a crazy long day visiting the Brasilian side of Iguazu Falls, but it was a very nice day (mentally positive). Lowkey, it was more enjoyable than the argentinian side.
- Flew back to BA.
- New airbnb that I like much better than the previous one (realized that I'm not that low maintenance haha).
- Went out to eat with some montreal people and went to a cool NYC subway bar (Uptown).
---

This has been a very memorable trip for me so far.

I feel like even though it wasn't a solo trip, I'm learning so much about myself.

I'm not able to 100% appreciate it at the moment, but I'm sure I'll look back on it and think of it as a core memory / life defining trip.

The biggest lesson I've learned on this trip is that I am not comfortable with myself and have a hard time just loving myself fully.

The reason why I was struggling with the start of my relationship with AV, why I was anxious about this trip, why I'm not looking forward to the 9 days I'll be alone, all comes down to the same thing.

It's about not truly knowing who I am, what I like, how I want to live life and having this overall feeling that I am not enough as I am.

Even right now, while I'm Buenos Aires, I've never really thought to myself "what type of activities to I want to do, what brings me joy, how do I want to travel?"

I simply see how other people are traveling and want to copy them.

I have voices in the back of my head telling me things like "you need to do more stuff to fully enjoy this trip, if not it'll be a waste."

But what if I'm someone who just wanted to be in buenos aires to escape the winter and work remotely?

I can only do this and it'll be a win for sure.

And for most people, I think they're able to know exactly what they want out of a trip and how they want to live their traveling.

We're all different and, at the end of the day, we all have our own lives and we'll be the ones having to deal with our decisions.

If all I want to do is live the same lifestyle that I have in Montreal, but in Buenos Aires with the good weather then that's all I need to do.

Who cares if people judge or who cares if other people would do more.

I discovered that I spent so much time people pleasing and thinking about what other people think of me that I forgot what it was like to please myself.

This is a pretty interesting realization because I've done so much work on myself over the years that I would have thought I'd know myself pretty well by now, but it's not the case.

The number one rule I want to start adhering to is "love yourself like your life depends on it".

Even as I am writing this post, I can sense voices in the back of my head judging the fact that I don't know myself.

"You're almost 30, how come you don't know yourself yet."

And the attitude I want to now have is "yeah, I don't know myself very well, so what? This is who I am and I accept it fully."

It'll be very interesting to see how I develop over the next 2.5 weeks in Buenos Aires and even more interesting to see how I'll re-adapt when I'm back in Montreal.

I'm particularly interested in how I'll try to continue to be myself while possibly (hopefully) entering an official relationship with AV.

There is obviously a part of me that'll change a bit because that's just what happens when you spend time a lot of time with someone, but will I be able to keep who I am?

In other news, things with AV are going much better than I thought and I'm happy about it.

I can sense myself being in that beginning of relationship phase, butterflies, wanting to spend more time with her and it's making me happy.

I accepted that I'm a certified lover boy hahaha.

Cheers to myself.
