---
title: 141 - Some thoughts about my life direction.
date: 2025-01-05
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up naturally late.
- Went to Carrefour to return some stuff and buy some dry wall anchors + screws.
- Fixed my wobbly baseboard heater.
- Washed the kitchen sink.
- Ate at my mom's place and had some interesting discussions about the family.
- Folded my clothes.
- Getting ready to get back to work tomorrow.
---
I find myself in a peculiar situation at the moment.

I am bored and don't know what to do with my time.

I can spend it scrolling, watching or reading something, but I know that I'm not interested in doing any of that right now.

With one of my north stars being present, I will try to spend my time more intentionally, doing things I want to do instead of filling up my time with random things.

This, in turn, makes me wonder: "What are the things I want to do with my time?"

There's a guitar on my left, there was once a time where I'd look at it and tell myself "oh, how about I learn how to play the guitar."

Or something I've always thought of doing "how about I try to learn a new language?"

For the record, I would either learn Spanish or Vietnamese.

I know I would enjoy the result of practicing these two activities.

If one day I can simply just hear a song and play the guitar or have real conversations with my grandparents, that would be awesome.

But I also know that to get to that level of proficiency, in either activity, requires countless hours of deliberate practice.

Am I willing to put in those hours?

Am I going to enjoy myself during those countless hours?

I'm not sure.

Should I only do things that I enjoy doing or would I also be happy if I do unenjoyable things, but see them through to the end and achieve my desired outcome?

I'm not sure.

Okay, I took a huge break from writing my entry and I did 3 things:

1. Listen to music and covers on YouTube.
2. Think about life while getting ready to sleep.
3. Answer reddit threads.

While I was busy doing life, I realized for the 10000000th time that I like helping people lol.

I was helping people directly by answering reddit posts, but also, I realized that, at work, the thing I like doing the most is finding ways of empowering my teammates so that they can do their job better.

It can really be anything such as removing mental blockers that prevent them from working properly (psychological) or having discussions to know what they'd like to do at work in order to put them in a thriving environment (career) or building tech tools that allows them to concentrate on doing what they do best (tech) or talking to management about the things that are preventing the employees from working well (advocating).

This solidified a bit for me that I am a people person.

I want to use my strengths (tech, psychology, quick learning, problem solving, etc.) to help people live better lives so that they can in turn make the world a better place.

I think the closer to working directly with people I am, the happier I'll be.
