---
title: 171 - building and writing are my focus at the moment.
date: 2025-08-21
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
"Keep life and work simple: build small tools that make my life easier, and write to sharpen clarity — the rest will compound."

This is a one-liner ChatGPT generated for me to remind me of my north star at the moment.

I was wondering what was [my thing](https://www.shaanpuri.com/essays/finding-your-thing) so I loaded it with the ~170 posts on this blog in addition to my past conversations with it and asked it to give me a one-liner.

Here is it's answer: Explaining and systemizing messy things into clear, playful tools or stories.

I 100% agree.

I guess this is the reason why I had such a hard time finding what to focus on this whole time.

It's not one clear answer like "swimming" where I have a single activity and can go all-in on it.

My "thing" is very broad and can very much be applied to multiple things, which aligns well with my multiple interests.

I've always tried to simply things for myself and even though it's always challenging, I'm always up for it.

While it was explaining how I can productize myself, I also learned that I have a huge aversion on selling myself and this is the main reason why being a coach / consultant never sat right with me.

What fits the most with me is building simple / micro-tools, shipping them, talking about them and each one of them have a little philosophy that I believe in.

Additionally, I started writing again to enhance my thinking and increase my thought clarify.

After all, how can I add clarity to messy things if I am unable to be clear myself.

While I'm in this building + writing phase of my life, I want to emphasize to myself that I should focus on small apps that solve a very specific problem (part of my life philosophy) and to remember to have fun with the app ideas, the design and especially the marketing.
