---
title: 148 - Good communication in a relationship is key.
date: 2025-01-12
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Could not sleep last night so fell asleep at like 3:30am.
- Woke up early to go spa with the boys.
- KT was late so ended up going in the spa at 11:30am instead of 10am.
- Had a wonderful dazzling nap and spa session.
- Went to go eat at Amigo with KT and ST.
- Headed to RH's place (helped with his car tires and his poopoo balcony).
- Listened to another episode of "Listen Before Love" on "gaining weight".
- Both went to eat at my mom's place for supper.
- Went back to RH's place and yak'ed until 1:30am about life, relationship, next plans, alphanique, taking over the world, etc.
- Got ready for work.
---
The episode I listened to of "Listen Before Love" was said to be about how to manage weight gain in a relationship.

What I got out of it though is a better understanding of how to communicate clear and effectively in a relationship.

It is obviously more work; however, it leads to way better results.

If we are not willing to go through that process of always communicating our needs and wants well in a relationship, then we should not expect our relationship to be "perfect".

A good and healthy relationship requires effort from both parties.

In summary, good communication is about knowing yourself as a person first and being able to tell your partner how their actions are affecting you not how your partner should change their behaviour.

At the end of the day, something will bother us because it affects **us** except if we communicate poorly, we might word it as our partner being at fault / the problem.
