---
title: 154 - Peak life.
date: 2025-01-18
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up pretty dead tired to go on a coffee "date" with AV.
- Had a wonderful time talking with AV, let's see what happens next.
- I died a bit at home after drinking a cappuccino.
- Went to go see RH.
- Attended a cantonese lunar event thing where we learned how to play mahjong (it's so fun, I feel so asian now, we might do a social event around mahjong).
- Ate supper at Le Petit Alep (really good and good restaurant vibes also).
- Sent a very candid text to AV about what's next.
---
I am living peak life right now.

I really don't know what changed in my mentality from when I was in the relationship vs now that I'm out.

I know for certain that I could not have gotten to this point had my relationship not ended.

In that sense, I am eternally grateful for my breakup.

Everything is just flowing.

Life is now in easy and light mode.

Wherever I go, whatever I do, it's just positive vibes.

Even right now, when I'm super fucking dead like I don't mind as much.

I'm not overthinking about being sleepy, about being in a bad mood, about what's going to happen tomorrow.

I just feel free of self-judgment and judgement from others.

In a sense, I just act how I want and whatever happens, happens. I can't stop it from happening or even if I try to, it won't change anything.

I did not read the book, but I feel like this is what the surrender experiment is about, just letting life unfold and going with the flow.

With that in mind, it really unlocks a truer self like, I'm seriously thinking of making music even though I have no background and I don't even care if it leads to a career or not. I know that I'll just genuinely love creating music that I vibe to and that I would love listening to.

It's insane because this is really something I never would have thought about 2 years ago. I was so stuck on entrepreneurship or owning a business or reaching financial freedom, I was blind to doing the things that could potentially bring me joy in the present.

I was also waiting for permission / financial independence to even start.

Like "I need to be at a place where I don't need to worry about money before starting doing things that I love without worrying about the outcome."

And I believe that especially for arts, it's so important to create from a place of want instead of a place of need.

I acknowledge that being comfortable and chill at my job definitely plays a huge role there. Essentially, although I have a 9-5, I have financial stability and am free enough to go explore things without having to worry about success.

All I can say is that life is so fun at the moment and I wish to continue like this forever.

2025 is off to a banging start !
