---
title: 145 - Honesty is the best policy.
date: 2025-01-09
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Pretty bad morning meeting at work, I'm not very good at being fake professional.
- Spent some time syncing up with teammates around different ops.
- Spent the rest of the day working on my app, which is more complicated than I thought. Can't wait to try Cursor.
- Went to the gym and crushed the workout (ran my first 5k at a decent speed !!!).
- Ate quickly while watching Shrinking.
- Went to go talk with AT to clarify some shizzles.
---
I HAD to do it today.

I had the courage while being at the gym and I carried this all the way to my conversation with AT.

I was just 100% honest with how I felt and asked her the same thing.

It is SO SO SO liberating.

I'm not even sure what type of result I was looking for, I just knew that I needed to come clean and get some clarity on what the f*ck was going on.

Perhaps this is the best scenario because we still talk, I can focus back on my sh*t, I can go and explore without feeling bad again.

I'm super happy with the result and I just feel so light at the moment.

This is a reminder that no matter how scary it is, "the truth shall set you free".

Being in an honest and bad situation is way better than being in a dishonest and good situation.

Written like this, it sounds a bit weird, but I think, for me, personally, this is the case.

Going forward, with all my next "ships", I'll try to be clear with my intentions no matter how people might perceive me.

I'm simply stating the truth and no matter what their opinion is on what I'm looking for, there will always be respect in telling the truth.

I'm not here to play games, I'm not here to mislead anyone, I know what I want and don't want right now and I'll just tell the truth.

Honesty is the best policy, indeed.
