---
title: 163 - Love, anxiety and getting better.
date: 2025-02-10
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Ate at Gyubee and had a very fun time with RH, CD & RY (s/o to the waitress for hooking us up).
- Watched episode 9 of SI with RH.
- Blocshop session with DL, KN, CD and HTN (my wrist felt way better and I was able to complete all the V0s to V3s).
- Went running outside for the first time and finally found what was wrong with my foot / leg (lack of dorsiflexion or too much pronation, after concentrating on this, I was able to run 8km).
- Date at ceramic cafe + pho with AV (it was a really nice evening / night).
- Skii at the smallest mountain in Quebec (Mont Rigaud) with ST, RZ, MW (got super comfortable skiing and did 2 box jumps).
- Supper with mom while feeling super dead tired.
- Got a little anxiety attack at night and talked with AHS and RH about it, it helped me 100000%.
- Felt the best I've felt in a week.
- Went to Carre4 with AV to return and buy some stuff.
- Had a really good upper body gym session.
- Installed my security camera.
---

This is a very important post because a lot of things happened since the previous one.

Last week, my sleep was a mess.

It was the first time in years upon years and years that I did not get good quality sleep.

I kept waking up in the middle of the night or waking up before my alarm, which never ever happens.

I was also feeling extremely anxious about so many things, I knew that I wasn't myself and it made me worry a lot.

I think I talked to RH 3-4 times last week just to get myself to a "normal" state.

Luckily, I felt good enough on Saturday and things went smoothly.

Looking back at last week, on top of the things I'm going to explain after, I was also putting pressure on myself to stay in my alphanique / alphasonique state.

I had been feeling so great about myself and life that I didn't want to come down from that high.

And I also thought that if I wasn't alphanique, things just wouldn't work out for me.

The only thing that helped was being with other people or doing activities that kept my mind at bay (not even gymming helped).

All this led to an "anxiety attack" (not really, but it's the closest I've been to one haha) one night where, after skiing, I was feeling so tired, I decided to sleep at 11am and... I couldn't sleep at all.

My chest was tight, I was wide awake, my whole body felt contracted and my thoughts were running wild.

And when I say wild, I mean really wild.

I was thinking of things I had never thought about before.

I was scared of sudden death (the emptiness of no longer being conscious), I was dreading my trip to Argentina, I was not able to be 100% myself with AV and felt like I was just keeping things afloat, I thought to myself "omg, what if I get insomnia and just stay f*cked like this forever", etc.

I also wanted to fix things myself, but at that point, it was a bit too much so I decided to reach out to RH first, but he didn't answer so then I called AHS and he picked up. Quickly. Within 1s.

I was so relieved that he picked up and it was the right choice.

I won't go into details, but we talked for about 1h and the conclusion was that everything was related to AV.

I know, it's stupid, but hey, "love" is a freaking weird emotion and no one really understands it, including myself.

Everything had to do with wanting things to work and putting so much pressure on myself to be alphanique all the time and that made me overthinking everything.

So today, I decided to just spend a lot of time with myself.

Just being with my thoughts, no distractions, no nothing.

I realized that for the past 2 months, I haven't really spent a lot of time by myself and possibly, some scars or traumas from the breakup never fully processed.

And this changed everything.

I'm much more at peace with myself now and with everything actually.

I'm not sure if I'll feel the same way tomorrow, but I do hope so, I can already feel the tiredness seeping in.

I overthought a bit physical touch while I was with AV today, but besides that, I was pretty much myself the whole time.

I can listen to any type of music and feel fine (actually, pillow in my arms and last night's mascara slaaaaap).

I no longer worry about texting too much or too quickly.

Even the overthinking is just part of who I am in a sense. I don't judge it, I just acknowledge it, let it pass and have this belief that everything's going to be alright.

I'm also less scared of telling the truth and communicating that "yeah, I'm not perfect, I have my flaws and this is who I am and if this is going to work out, it'll be with a real me, not a fake, fronting me".

I somehow also have a more trusting view of AV and the "relationship" that we're building.

Ultimately, I think it's the feeling that even if things do not work out, I will be okay.

I am more calm when I spend time alone, I reconnected with my love of music and possibly with my love of dancing also.

It still bothers me a bit that I have no idea what actually changed.

Like, I knew that I should be thinking this way before, but I wasn't able to and then I just spent literal silent time with myself and things just placed themselves naturally.

That's it, I'll see tomorrow if things change (maybe I am calmer when I'm tired or something), but for now, I'm just happy, glad, grateful that I'm doing better.
