---
title: 156 - Out of bandwidth and out of time.
date: 2025-01-20
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- I was feeling pretty tired all day at work.
- I prepped all the work for my demos, but didn't do much more than that.
- Watched some more Orb anime during lunch and there were a lot of good quotes.
- Confirmed that I can do my solo remote trip to Argentina (need to book the flight).
- Finished worked late ish because of an aussie deal (I kinda really dig the aussie accent).
- Went to the gym (I'm going slower on my runs this week and see if that'll help).
- Did a little bit of grocery shopping.
- Ate supper while watching some more Orb and texting a bunch of people.
- Finished off the night with 1 more Orb ep.
---

I realized that dating apps and instagram are f*cking draining.

I have a really low buffer to answer people because I always want to put effort in my answers, but when I'm talking to like 10 people at once, it's pretty overwhelming.

I think I got too ahead of myself on these dating apps and I went ham for the first week.

It hasn't even been a week yet actually lol.

I'll most likely slow down and be more intentional with my swipes / people I talk to.

I do think the best strategy is not to stay on texting mode too long and just get something going in real life, then I'll be able to weed out quickly.

In other news, I'm in this weird pickle where I'm thinking of ideas and things I think I want to do, but because I don't have time or don't make the time for them, they just stay in my head.

The additional challenge will be to find time for things that I cannot do easily right now.

Creating music and learning a new language require dedicated time and effort, probably many times a week to eventually get somewhere.

Something like the Mahjong night or the banh chung creation workshop are things we can organize relatively quickly.

In the long run though, I'd probably want to focus my time more on music creation and learning a language, but I have so little time right now.

So yeah, that's my current pickle.
