---
title: 140 - These holidays were great.
date: 2025-01-04
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Woke up super late.
- Quickly ate lunch / breakfast.
- Went to return / exchange a few christmas things.
- Met up with JB so that she can give me her xmas gift.
- Went to the gym with JB.
- Ate supper while watching the talker anime.
- Cleaned up my office room.
- Finalized the transfer of car (I am finally owner and primary driver of my car).
---
I have been quite productive and never really felt super tired during these holidays despite sleeping extremely late.

Even the days where I only got 6-7 hours felt good.

I kept myself constantly busy and was not really wasting any time.

Throughout my whole holiday, I don't think I've ever mindlessly scrolled or binged youtube videos.

I've had my moments where I watched shows or read mangas, but they were intentional moments where I didn't really have much to do or when I wanted to relax.

It'll be interesting to see how my behaviour changes when I start work again.

Maybe work does truly drain me.

Or maybe it's the procrastination / mental fatigue at work that drains me.

Or maybe my increase in exercise frequency while lowering the intensity can explain my good mood.

I'll have to see.

I obviously did not complete my YouTube plan, in fact, there was really only 1 day that I thought about doing it.

This might be an indication that I don't want to do it.

Whether it be because I am not interested or because I am afraid of something is to be discovered.

I just also realized that I did not spend much time on social media either except to talk with people.

This was actually a great holiday overall.

If I could give an average score for my mood across the past 14 days, it'd be like a 8.5-9/10.

Spending a lot of time with family and friends, exercising & cleaning up / tidying.

Those were the main 3 things I did and it made me feel great.

It'll be very very interesting to see how my mood changes when I start again on Monday.

I'm curious if I'll be able to stay present & keep my good mood or will I spiral into a negative mindset again.
