---
title: 157 - Whirlwind of emotions.
date: 2025-01-26
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Cafe Bloc with CD where I messed up my wrist a little.
- Changed my windshield wipers.
- Went to go eat at Mae Sri with RH.
- Watched SI ep5 with RH.
- Went to the arcade with AT and ended up talking til 3am+.
- Spent a wonderful day skiing with AV (skiing > snow in terms of easiness) + Sammi Soup supper.
---

Yesterday was my first time having trouble sleeping since the breakup.

It had to do with too many thoughts.

My day with AV yesterday really threw a wrench in my alphanique mode.

I thought I was just going to spend a casual day, have fun skiing and get on with my life, but it turns out we got along well... a bit too well.

I made a list of criteria I was looking for in my next serious relationship and I was just mentally scratching them off one by one throughout the day, I was like "bro, why can't there be one that stays there so that I can mentally not attach myself."

This made me realize a ton of things and also opened up more questions for myself.

One realization is that my initial idea of fwb where I get along well with the person might not be possible. I now understand why AV said she had to do it with a complete stranger without getting to know them. If the sex is good and you get along well with the person, it opens up the possibility of being attached. And if I learned anything from yesterday, it's that I can get attached quite easily (initially).

Another realization is that I am scared of my next relationship. Maybe I just need more time to process my previous one or maybe I need to work on myself more. I am not sure yet. I just know that the fact that I had trouble sleeping yesterday and that I was overthinking is not a good sign. It reminded me a lot of my past self and it's not a place I'm trying to return to. It seems like when it comes to love, I have a hard time being in control of my emotions.

The third realization is that I have a hard time trusting in God when it comes to relationships. My attitude for the past two months has been "whatever happens, happens" and really going with the flow of life. Which is great, I no longer overthink, I stay in the present and I have made and seen tremendous change in my mood, attitude, actions in life. However, I still struggle with doing this in relationships it seems. Based on our conversation yesterday, I know the right thing to do is to just wait, do what I gotta do while I'm single, try out the different things that I want to do, let myself become more stable and reach back out when the time is right and I feel ready. But there's also a part of me that's scared of missing my shot. What if she's a great partner for me and she finds someone else before I'm ready. The "what ifs" in life are the worst. Honestly, I know it really shouldn't matter, we went on one "date" (not sure how to call it) and I just need to trust in God that if I wait and I miss my timing, then it just wasn't meant to be. I cannot control what is meant to be and I cannot try to force it either. What is right for me, is right for me and will come at the right time, when I am ready. I just need to put my trust in God. I will end up with a great partner for myself no matter what, whether it be AV or someone I know or someone I haven't even met yet. I just need to concentrate on myself, build myself up and that's the only thing I can do.

Damn, writing is great, thank you.
