---
title: 167 - Love and embrace yourself 100%.
date: 2025-03-21
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Honestly, there are too many things that happened in past 14 days for me to list them all out like I used to, so I'll only keep the highlights.
- I came back from my very great and insightful trip from Argentina.
- AV and I are now official together (March 15th) and I am very much head over heels for her.
- I decided to start badminton again and really missed it.
- I am starting to get back into my normal routine, I never realized how much I actually love going to the gym.
- I met AV's family for the first time and it's slowly giving me more motivation to learn Vietnamese.
- AV and I had our first "serious" talk since being official and  it went very well, it reassured both of us a lot.
---

I've had more character development these past 4 months than I had in years.

It's definitely some very weird times for me especially in regards to the relationship.

It's the first time that I feel anxious and insecure in a romantic relationship.

Definitely not something I want, but it's how I am at the moment.

I am slowly getting better and AV is doing great at working with me, but man, it is an uncomfortable situation.

The biggest kicker in all this? I am learning why they call it "falling in love".

The more time I spend with her, the more I get to know her, the more I'm just tripping and falling in love (s/o to handlebars by jennie and dua lipa).

And this is the meaning behind the title of this post.

In my calm, non-nervous state at the moment, I definitely know that the secret to my happiness is to love and embrace myself 100%.

My whole nervousness episode comes from the fact that I have the belief that I am not enough.

I am not enough as a person and I am not enough as a partner to keep her around.

I try to dim myself and act different from who I am because I am afraid that being myself is not enough or that it might be too much.

But this is so so wrong.

I believe the goal of life is to try and live as closely as you can to your 100% true self all the time and this applies even more so in a relationship.

I am going to own that I am a lover boy, a true true lover boy with a lot of love to give and my fear is that it might turn her off for some reason.

Obviously, there are compromises that need to be done in a relationship; but, ultimately, if me acting like myself with only good intentions and only sending pure love is not something she wants or can accept, then perhaps it is not a good fit.

Now, I'm not saying it's a reason to leave, I'm very much head over heels in love and I'll do my best to keep this relationship going strong, but I'm just saying. There is a base level of compatibility that is needed and if my only positive energy is a problem, then it's not a good sign.

And this is a lesson not only for myself in this relationship, but for myself in my day-to-day life also.

I want to relearn the relationship I have with myself.

When I look at myself in the mirror, I am seeing the only person who I'll 100% guaranteed spend the rest of my life with so I might as well build the best relationship ever with this person.

This starts by just accepting, loving and embracing all that this person is - all that I am, strengths, flaws and all. Everything.

I need to start treating myself like my own bestest of best friends because that's who I should be for myself.

Anyway, that's all I have for today, the first 3 months of this year have certainly been very memorable so far and I have a feeling the rest of the year will be a very interesting chapter.

I am looking forward to whatever else 2025 has in store for me.
