---
title: 155 - The truth is always the best path forward.
date: 2025-01-19
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Slow morning.
- Ate lunch while watching "Orb: About the mouvement of Earth" (quite interesting so far).
- Cleaned the house (while listening to Jordan Peterson on DoC)
- Had a deciding phone call with AV (more on this below).
- Ate supper at my mom's place (we had some really nice conversations about family and relationships - I need to create my list of what I want / don't want in my next relationship).
- Went to the gym (I was supposed to do a long run, but my calf is messed up).
- Potatoed for 45 mins.
---

In the end, I didn't get the ideal situation I wanted with AV and it bothered me more than I thought.

As Dr. Jordan B Peterson said, I know that ultimately, the truth, which we both said, will lead to the best outcome possible.

I know this, yet, it still left a sour taste in my mouth.

Is it childish or immature, perhaps.

After all, nothing more can be done about the situation.

I guess this is a lesson that even with this newfound love for life, high energy, positivity and truthfulness, non-ideal situations will arise and I'll just have to deal with them.

Actually, maybe the true lesson here is that this is totally normal.

Something that I disliked happened, I was down for a bit and imma go to sleep just fine and wake up tomorrow a better person knowing that I acted in truth and this was the result of it.

When you have faith (in whatever), you have the advantage of being able to transform any situation from "this is non-ideal" to "God/Life has a better plan in store for me".

Only the future knows.

This was great and therapeutic.
