---
title: 166 - Things will always work out.
date: 2025-03-07
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Recent Events:** 

- Ate out with K, A, AH and S. Went to my only bar in BA that was NYC themed. Good tomato soup cocktail.
- Ate a lot of tartas and quiches.
- Prepping for AV's birthday.
- Coding away with Cursor and trying to get it to copy monkeytype.
- Went bouldering with AH, but was a bit distracted trying to surprise AV.
- Celebrated AV's birthday virtually. It was a success "I'm melting HAHAHA".
- Second week of Midnight Runners, met with someone new "Mari" and discussed about finding The Alchemist book to read it.
- Went to Barrio Chino for the first time (and probably last).
- Good discussions with AH about herself and AV at The Bowl (asian restaurant, a bit of a therapy session).
- Bombass gelato at Rapanui.
- First gym gym session in BA.
- First Mundo Lingo (met a few people, but no one memorable s/o to Julieta for adopting me temporarily though. Dale).
- Eating vietnamese food in BA hahaha with AH.
- Day trip to Colonia Del Sacramento where we ate the best freaking meal ever.
- Chilled at the beach and got a small photoshoot out of it.
- Beautiful sunset watching (I think I fell in love with sunsets on this trip).
- Last day with AH, brunching with some of her friends and seeing her off.
- Moved to the last airbnb of my trip.
- Bought a quarter of a big ass watermelon for 1.5$ !
- Went to a brazilian fest for carnaval and watched the Oscars while turning up with "Santi".
- Had some bombass bife de chorizo @Minga Parrilla con "Santi" and interesting discussions.
- Third week of Midnight Runners, made 2 more friends.
- Played badminton in BA and met an international player for Norway !
- Went to Spanglish and made a few more connections, I was able to practice my spanish a bit, but I still have so so so so much to learn.
- Talked with AV until sunrise (7am), it's definitely a vibe, but also not to be often... or anymore hahaha.
- Survived my last full week in BA.
- Went to the gym and life just happened, things are falling in place for my last 4 days in BA.
---

I learned a lot about myself on this trip.

As much while I was with AH than now that I am truly solo.

It's a bit weird to write these blogs now that I don't write them daily.

I feel like this trip was so memorable that there are too many things to write down in one sitting.

I guess I can just write about my recent experience and if I forgot to write about things I learned last week or in the past, then that's just life.

So yesterday as mentioned in the recent events, AV and I did something crazy.

We talked for 7 hours straight and I ended up sleeping at 7am and her at 5am... and we both had work today hahaha.

I obviously cannot remember everything we talked about, but it was a really nice feeling and I remember laughing a lot and enjoying my time.

Of course, if I'm talking to someone for that long until those hours, it has to be a good time, if not, I would have just hung up a long time ago.

Needless to say, I did not have a lot of sleep and it showed.

The whole day, I felt like I was living in a dream, I felt like an NPC in my own life.

Mentally, it had been a long time that I hadn't felt the anxiety that I felt when I first started things with AV and there's a bit of that that came back today.

I was worried that she might suddenly think that this was bad for her and her health and that she'd start distancing herself.

I also started being paranoid about going to someone's house on Saturday.

All this to say, I don't think I'm 100% back and when I lack sleep, that anxious part of me surfaces more, which I think is normal.

After a late work day, I decided to call AH and she was kinda busy, it was nice to talk to her, but it was different because mentally I was different also, it literally happened maybe 6 hours ago and it doesn't feel real when I think about it as I'm writing this haha.

Instead of feeling sorry for myself, I decided to get my ass moving and go to the gym.

I told myself that getting out of the apartment and getting myself moving might get me out of my funk.

*spoiler alert* yes, it did.

And it's really in these moments that I have to believe in something greater than myself aka God or life.

As soon as I got to the gym, I decided to check if the health bar was still open and it was and I met with the girl who works there whom I had previously talked to.

I did not have any plans for this weekend and it was something that was slightly making me anxious when I was in my anxious mindset.

As I started talking to her, I told her that I didn't really like BA, was looking forward to go back home (which, even now that I feel good, I still am looking forward to it haha) and she couldn't believe it because she loved BA.

So she asked me "what did I do" and I basically explained that I didn't do much in BA.

Long story short, we talked for 1h and she will now be giving me a private tour of BA on Sunday and all the places that I have to see including the history behind everything.

BUT WAIT. It's not over.

Turns out, she's a reader and so she told me that there's a world wide top 5 ranked bookstore in BA that we have to visit and she even told me that I might be able to find The Alchemist. A freaking book that was recommended to me by "Mari" as something that was meant to be and that I should read, but had no luck in finding so far.

Listen, I don't know if I'm actually going to find it or not, but everything is aligning for me to find it it seems.

I then proceeded to go to the gym, had an amazing session and went out to eat at a korean restaurant, alone, and with peace of mind.

All this to say, I really have to remember that everything is always going to turn out fine even if, in the moment, it doesn't seem like it.

I'm someone who hates being in that negative headspace, which is why it affects me so much and why I impatiently need to get it out of my body.

However, if I learned anything today is that things will always always work out in my favour and I don't want to forget this.
