---
title: 151 - Learning a new language.
date: 2025-01-15
categories: ["daily"]
tags: posts

---
**Day:** 

- Short work day, but still productive. I'm doing better on my demos overall, which is great.
- Started thinking of creating a french rap song called "LA FAMILLE".
- Watched 2 episodes of singles inferno.
- RH came over and we caught up.
- Went to go wash my car (interior and exterior).
- Went to canadian tire and had a very fun, memorable, alphanique interaction.
- Rewatched episode 1 of SI with RH.
- Ate at our favourite spot Kim Jian (had a nice life talk and update of the year to come).
- Had a very draining session of downloading, signing up, creating a profile and swiping on dating apps (I hate it so far, it's so brain dead - definitely not being present).
---
While we were at Kim Jian, I found myself really wishing that I knew how to speak any asian language at a conversational level.

There was a bit of shame, but the biggest takeaway I got is that there is nothing that brings you closer than speaking the same language.

Even if it's not perfect, the willingness to switch languages and meet them where they are comfortable makes everything better.

Since one of my new goals is to constantly create this feeling of "having a great time", I believe learning a new language is going to be crucial.

If I had the ability, I would most likely learn Vietnamese, Canto and Spanish.... maybe mandarin haha.

Unfortunately, I really suck at learning languages so I'll have to start small with 1.

This has been added to my 2024 goals... I want to learn a new language and I'll most likely start with Vietnamese.

